[At the reception. The bridesmaids console the bride.]

Mary: Everyone is looking at us.

Sarah: (drinking champagne) Do you think it's your hat?

Mary: What?

Sarah: It is a bit much, Mary. I did try to tell you.

Mary: My hat's a bit much? Really?

Woman: (to Sarah) You should be ashamed of yourself.

Granda Joe: (to Gerry) What in under Christ have you done now?

Gerry: I don't think she was talking to me, Joe. I think she was talking to the person in the full-length, white frock who just managed to upstage the actual bride.

Sarah: Och, I wouldn't say I upstaged her now, Gerry.

Mary: It's so mortifying.

Sarah: Well, take it off then, Mary.

Mary: What?

Sarah: The hat.

(Uncle Colm walks in.)

Granda Joe: Ah, shite.

Uncle Colm: There you are.

Granda Joe: He's spied us. Run, girls. Save yourselves.

Uncle Colm: John over there was just saying You know John? Lovely fella. Married to, er, Patricia, I think it is, and her mother worked in the credit union, you might remember. Absolutely crippled with the old gallstones, so she was.

Mary: Christ Almighty.

Uncle Colm: And the gallstones Well, now, they're no joke. A neighbour of mine, Dickie Dunnagan, by God, he was tortured with the gallstones. The size of gallstones, they were.

Mary: Um, and what did John say, Colm? For the love of God, what did he say?

Uncle Colm: He was telling me there, John was, that every being in the place is talking about Sarah's frock.

Sarah: (happily) Och, really?

Mary: Jesus, but this is an ordeal.

Uncle Colm: Well, at least they got a good day for it, Mary. I'll tell you, I was at one there, up in the Cathedral last week. By God, the wind could have cut you in two. Fierce it was, and now, I don't mind a bit of a breeze. If anything, I prefer it, but thon was aggressive. And I says to myself, says I, Colm, this is no day for a do. And, as it turns out

Mary: Can I just stop you there, Colm?

Uncle Colm: Surely, Mary. Go ahead.

Mary: Oh, no. I've nothing to say. I just really, really need you to stop talking.

Uncle Colm: Fair enough.

(Mary nods.)

Granda Joe: Herself's over there. Circling the drinks table.

(Gerry and Joe watch Aunt Bridie drink champagne.)

Granda Joe: Bitter old bat.

Mary: Da

Granda Joe: It's one glass per head. She has already necked the guts of four bottles.

Mary: Da!

Granda Joe: Though it'll hardly touch the sides. Tolerance of a rhino.

Mary: Stop it, okay? Bridie's still our aunt. Still Mammy's sister. And if Mammy was alive

Granda Joe: Your mother couldn't stick her.

Mary: Shh! She's coming over. (she smiles) Auntie Bridie, great to see you!

Aunt Bridie: (to Sarah) Well, you should be proud of yourself.

Sarah: (sincerely) Och, thanks very much.

Granda Joe: All right, Bridie? Are you well?

Aunt Bridie: Nope. Naw, I'm not actually. Not that you give a shit.

Eamonn: Mammy hasn't been keeping the best lately, Joe. I was a bit worried about her for a while.

Granda Joe: I wouldn't upset yourself too much, son. Sure, a bullet couldn't take your mother out. Isn't that right, Bridie?

Aunt Bridie: Still a prick, I see, Joe. Christ knows what our Marie ever saw in you, God rest her soul. Yous must still miss her terribly, girls.

(Sarah nods.)

Mary: We do indeed.

Aunt Bridie: Isn't it a crying shame neither of you got her looks?

Mary: Okay. So, Eamonn! Any craic with you? Are you seeing anyone? Should I maybe buy myself another hat?

Sarah: You should definitely buy yourself another hat, Mary. That thing does nothing for you.

Eamonn: I'm not seeing anyone.

Mary: Plenty of time, I suppose.

Aunt Bridie: Eamonn'll never marry.

Gerry: Is that a feeling, Bridie, or an instruction?

(Bridie stares angrily at Gerry. Gerry looks regretful.)

Sarah: Och, it's a great wee day so far, isn't it?

Mary: Beam me up.