[In the Quinn kitchen.]

Erin: (following Mary around) This is a huge deal. This is a massive, massive deal. I'm going to the prom with John Paul O'Reily, for God's sake. Oh, come on, Mammy!

Mary: I don't care if you're going to the prom with John Paul the second, Erin. I'm not buying you another frock. End of story.

Erin: But Mammy, you don't understand.

Mary: There's nothing wrong with your Easter dress.

Erin: There is lots of things wrong with my Easter dress.

Mary: I mean, it matches Orla's.

(Orla stands in the living room with her Easter dress on while Sarah measures her.)

Erin: That being the main one.

Orla: Honestly Erin, I think we'll look so cracker if we both rock in wearing these.

Erin: Right. Well, I don't.

Sarah: Och, Mary, you'd think the wain's been dropped into it. You wouldn't nip it in a bit for her? I'd do it myself but sewing plays havoc with my acrylics.

Mary: Fine.

Erin: I really like this fella, Mammy.

Mary: Well, if he really likes you, it won't matter what you wear.

Erin: Och, come off it!

Sarah: Have you a date lined up, Orla?

Orla: I do, aye.

Erin: (looking confused) What? With like, a human?

Orla: Yeah.

Ian Paisley on TV: This document is an insult to the majority of people of Northern Ireland!

(Gerry is watching TV and Joe walks in.)

Gerry: All right, Ian, we get the idea like.

(The TV suddenly loses signal. Gerry sighs, getting up to check.)

Granda Joe: What are you footering at?

Gerry: The picture's just gone a bit, sort of...

(Joe thumps the TV.)

Gerry: Dear Jesus!

Granda Joe: You have to give it a bit of a shock now and again. (he hits it again) You have to keep it on its toes.

Gerry: I'm not sure you do have to keep it on its toes, Joe. It's a television!

(Joe continues to thump the TV.)

Gerry: Okay, okay, okay! I'm just going to turn it off and turn it on again. That usually does the trick.

(Gerry turns the TV off and on again.)

Gerry: There we go. Hmm? There doesn't seem to be anything happening now.

Granda Joe: This stupid prick's broken the TV, Mary!

(Mary runs in, panicking.)

Mary: For God's sake, Gerry!

Granda Joe: He's been footering.

Gerry: Excuse me. You're the one that was thumping it repeatedly, Joe.

Granda Joe: I'll thump you repeatedly!

Mary: Well the pair of you better sort it out. London's Burning's on in twenty minutes.

Sarah: God, Mary, but them poor fellas are flat out with fires, so they are. Jesus, but they never get a minute.

(Joe continues to thump the TV.)

Mary: Aye, it's a good job they keep themselves in such great shape.

Sarah: Aw, don't, Mary. That Greek fella.

(Mary smirks and slaps Sarah on the arm.)

Mary: He could throw me over his shoulder any day of the week.

Erin: Boke-o-rama!