[Time lapse. On the dancefloor. Uncle Colm talks to a random man. Erin and Orla are drinking from bottles.]

Erin: Thank God!

(Erin and Orla walk across the room to Clare, Michelle and James.)

Michelle: (excitedly) Motherfuckers!

Clare: How's it been?

Erin: Boring.

Orla: Brilliant!

Mary: Erin! Orla!

Erin: Oh, for Christ's sake.

Mary: I said you could invite one friend to the reception! One!

Erin: Och, Mummy, they don't come separately.

Michelle: Aye, we're pack animals, Mary.

James: I love your hat, Mrs. Quinn!

Mary: (looking flattered) Thanks, son.

Michelle: Dickhead.

Mary: Well, no oul carry on, do you hear me? We're in enough bother as it is. (to Erin) Best behaviour. (she walks away)

Clare: Completely!

Michelle: You'll have no trouble from us, Mary! Okay girls, who wants to do drugs?

Orla: (smiling) Me.

Clare: I'm sorry?

Michelle: Nothing heavy, just a bit of blow.

Erin: And where are you planning on getting a bit of blow from, Michelle?

(The priest walks past. The girls look awkward.)

Michelle: Right, well, you know Macca?

Erin: I can't say I do.

Michelle: Aye, Macca. Big Macca. Come on, everybody knows Macca!

Clare: We don't.

Michelle: Wise up! Macca? Macca! Macca. Macca!

Clare: That's not helping, Michelle!

Michelle: Macca. Tall fella, dark hair, wonky nose from when he used to do the bare-knuckle boxing. Och, he's loads of tattoos, big scar under his left eye. He was kicked out of Creggan for joyriding.

Clare: (sarcastically) Well, he sounds delightful!

Orla: (sincerely) He really does.

Michelle: He said he could hook us up. Class or what?

Erin: I'm not sure.

Clare: Well, I am. It's not happening. Drugs are for mugs, folks!

Michelle: Congratulations, Clare. That might be the dickiest sentence that anyone's ever said.

James: Come on, Michelle, what makes you think you can trust this Macca person?

Michelle: Well, he's not English for a start, so

Erin: James has a point.

Michelle: No, he doesn't!

Erin: What if he gives us dodgy gear?

Michelle: Dodgy gear? What is this, The Bill?!

Clare: I cannot believe you're even discussing it!

Michelle: Let's live a little, for fuck's sake!

Clare: I want no part of this, and if you guys decide to go through with it, then I'm sorry, but any friendship we have is over!

(Rock the Boat starts playing. The kids look excited.)

Clare: (screaming excitedly) Rock the Boat! It's Rock the Boat!

Michelle: Happy fucking days! Quick!

(They all run into the crowd.)

Orla: Bagsy the front! Bagsy the front!

(They push their way through. Erin shoves Eamonn as he tries to get into the line on the floor.)

(Most of the guests do the Rock the Boat dance on the floor. James looks stressed and confused.)

Michelle: You're just a wrecking ball, Clare.

Clare: Look, Michelle, drugs are illegal, drugs are addictive, but perhaps most importantly, in this country you can lose your kneecaps if you're caught doing them, and I like my kneecaps, Michelle. They suit my knees!

Orla: You do have cracking kneecaps, Clare!

James: Is that true?

Erin: Sort of.

(Mary, Gerry, Sarah and Joe dance at their table.)

(Uncle Colm continues talking to the same random man. The man looks bored.)

Mary: Oh, God.

Gerry: What is it?

Mary: He's got someone. Should we save the poor fella?

Granda Joe: No chance.

Sarah: Och, Daddy, he's only young.

Granda Joe: I don't care! When it comes to our Colm, it's every man for himself.

(The kids are still rocking the boat. James looks comfortable.)

(Bridie and Eamonn approach Mary, Gerry, Sarah and Joe.)

Aunt Bridie: I would like a word.

Eamonn: It's fine, Mammy.

Aunt Bridie: Indeed, it is not fine.

Mary: Something troubling you, Bridie?

Aunt Bridie: Aye, you could say that. My Eamonn has been waiting all night for this song.

Mary: For Rock the Boat? Really?

Aunt Bridie: But your girls pushed him out of the line, and now he has a bruise. Show them the bruise, Eamonn.

Eamonn: I bruise quite easily. (he pulls up his trousers to reveal his leg)

Aunt Bridie: That's not the point!

Mary: Right. I see. Well, I'm sorry about that, Eamonn.

Aunt Bridie: Is that all you have to say?

Mary: I'm not sure what else there is to say, Bridie, except maybe, our girls are sixteen and Eamonn's a fifty year old man.

Sarah: Look, it's a rough routine, Bridie. You know that going in. You sit down on that floor at your own risk.

Aunt Bridie: You are seriously not going to pull them up about this?

Mary: No, Bridie. We're not. It's Rock the Boat.

Aunt Bridie: Well, that certainly explains a few things.

Mary: What's that supposed to mean?

Aunt Bridie: It means that a bit of discipline would do those girls no harm. They have been running about all day like a couple of wild animals.

Mary: Okay, that'll do, Bridie.

Aunt Bridie: But then, the apple never did fall far from the tree.

Eamonn: Mammy, please.

Aunt Bridie: Yous girls never did know how to conduct yourselves. Nothing but a pair of hallions.

Gerry: Come on now, Bridie, that's enough of that.

Granda Joe: What, do they need you to defend them? You big pair of knickers.

Aunt Bridie: It wasn't my poor sister's fault. She tried her best with both of you, but you're your father's daughters, all right.

Mary: I'd rein it in now, if I were you.

Aunt Bridie: I really think you were a disappointment to her, you know?

(Eamonn looks shocked.)

Granda Joe: (standing up) Now, hold on a God damn minute!

Mary: (standing up) Daddy, you will not dignify that with a response.

Aunt Bridie: And I'll tell you something else. If your mother saw thon hat, she'd be turning in her grave, for its nothing but a bloody eyesore.

Mary: Och, drop dead, you spiteful oul hag!

(Bridie literally drops dead.)

Mary: Catch yourself on

(They all look shocked. All the guests crowd around the body.)