[In the Quinn kitchen.]

Sarah: Daddy and Gerry not back yet?

Mary: They must have had a few drinks and lost track of time. Sure, you know what Bill's like.

Sarah: God, aye, any excuse to whip out the oul saxophone.

(Mary is cooking. Erin and Orla are eating toast.)

Erin: We better hit the Guildhall.

Mary: A bit early, are you not?

Erin: Clare's been there since five this morning, Mammy. It's gonna be jammed.

Sarah: (sitting down) Anything from Chelsea, girls?

Orla: Not a dickie bird, Mammy.

Erin: It's her loss. That wave machine is absolutely cracker.

Sarah: Och well, at least yous were given the day off, sure, that's something.

Orla: We weren't given the day off, Mammy. We're playing truant.

Mary: (smiling) Very good, Orla.

Sarah: Truant. What is she not, Mary?

(The doorbell rings.)

Mary: (shouting) It's open! 'Mon in!

(Michelle, James and Cathy walk in.)

Michelle: All right?

James: I hope you don't mind, Mrs. Quinn, but... (pointing at his mum)

Sarah: Och, Cathy, it's yourself.

Cathy: Long time, girls.

Mary: It is, indeed. (looking Cathy up and down)

Sarah: And fair play to you, Cathy. You've kept them eyebrows shipshape, so you have. Credit where credit's due.

Cathy: Och, you're too kind, Sarah.

Sarah: I'm serious. They're in great nick. That must be some comfort to you.

Cathy: I'm sorry?

Sarah: We heard about your wee divorce. Nightmare.

Cathy: Yeah, it was a difficult decision, but Paul, my ex, well he just became so controlling.

Mary: Jesus, really?

Cathy: He was unbearable towards the end. It was always, "oh Cathy, why did you stay out all night?" or, "Who was that man you were having dinner with, Cathy?" He was very insecure.

Mary: Wonder why.

Cathy: I mean, James' father was the same. I just seem to attract the possessive, jealous types. I don't know what it is.

Sarah: It's the eyebrows.

Cathy: Anyway, I hate to impose on you, but um, I just need to make a quick call, and unbelievably, my sister doesn't have a phone.

Michelle: She got rid of it when we racked up that massive bill ringing Russell Grant's horoscope hotline. He didn't see that coming!

Cathy: James said that you wouldn't mind if I just...

Mary: Of course not. Work away.

Cathy: You're a brick. Let me just find my filofax.

Sarah: (to Mary) A brick?

Mary: Are you staying with your Deirdre, then?

Cathy: Yes, I am. It's a bloody nightmare, if I'm being honest. I'd forgotten just how small these little houses are. I really don't know how you do it.

Mary: Oh, we struggle through, Cathy, in our teeny-tiny house.

Cathy: But it's all worth it if I get to see my big, handsome boy!

(James smiles.)

Cathy: He's going to be the only man in my life from now on.

Mary: Aye, right.

Cathy: I've just missed him so much.

Mary: Well, you did dump him here quite a long time ago.

James: Mum's had a lot going on.

Cathy: Yeah. I've actually just started my own business. It's been a real passion project, a real labour of love! And it's really starting to take off now, so...

Mary: Right. And what sort of area is it?

Cathy: Self-adhesive labels.

Mary: Stickers?

Cathy: I design high-end self-adhesive labels.

Mary: You make stickers.

Cathy: For bespoke gift packages.

Mary: You're a sticker maker.

Cathy: No, they're not stickers exactly.

Sarah: And would there be much money in sticker making, Cathy?

Cathy: They are not stickers! (smiling fakely) Labels. They're labels.

James: (proudly) I think it's gonna do really well.

Erin: We better get going before Clare cacks herself.

(The kids all get up.)

Cathy: (to James) Go on, love, you do your thing. See you later.

Sarah: Here, before you head, I got you a couple of American flags. They're on the sideboard there.

(The girls go to pick up the flags.)

Erin: Thank you, Sarah.

Sarah: They're the new ones, so they are. They've only just brought them out.

(Erin picks up Dennis' dud flag in frustration.)

Orla: (impressed) Yes!