[In the Quinn living room. Gerry stands watching TV. Sarah watches TV from the kitchen hatch. Mary reads the newspaper at the kitchen table.]

News reporter: Despite John Humes' optimism earlier today, the DUP leader, Ian Paisley has said that under no circumstances will his party sit at the same table as Sinn Fein, making all party talks impossible.

(Mary looks up, sighing with disappointment.)

Mary: I can't take it anymore. All these false promises. Waiting week after week, hoping today might be the day, only to be disappointed.

Gerry: Don't upset yourself, love. It's just a wheelie bin.

Mary: It'll change my life, Gerry. And Strabane's had them for months. I mean, what's going on there? Who's pulling the strings for Strabane?

Sarah: (thinking about her tan) I mean, it's against the Trades Description Act. The label said mahogany. Sure, that's barely oak. Jesus, but I'm fuming, so I am.

(Granda Joe walks in.)

Granda Joe: He's gaining ground.

Mary: What?

Granda Joe: The polar bear. Margo Murphy's niece just saw him outside the Abrakebabra in Coleraine, apparently.

Sarah: That close?!

Mary: I'll get the holy water.

Granda Joe: Sarah, buzz Michelle's mother there, tell her we need our wains back.

Sarah: I will surely, Daddy.

Granda Joe: Then we'll barricade the front door, and if the worst comes to the worst, Jim across the road lent me his tranquiliser gun.

Sarah: (phone to ear) Nobody's picking up.

Gerry: Why does Jim across the road have a tranquiliser gun?

Sarah: His brother had an awful lot of bother with devil worshippers.

Gerry: Excuse me?

Sarah: Aye, they set up camp on his farm and he couldn't shift them for love nor money, so Jim bought a couple of guns and just

Gerry: What? Shot them?

Sarah: Aye, I think it worked, you know?

Gerry: I imagine it would, yeah.

Mary: I'm not convinced they were devil worshippers, you know.

Sarah: Sure their hair had never seen a brush and they were head to toe in tie dye, Mary.

(Gerry turns to see Granda Joe holding a gun to his face.)

Gerry: Jesus Christ! Okay, I think we all just need to take a moment.

(Knock on the front door. Granda Joe points the gun at the door.)

Sarah: Don't answer! That might be him, that might be the polar bear!

(Granda Joe points the gun at Gerry again.)

Gerry: Yeah, because they're known for their impeccable manners. They might come into the house and rip your throat out, but they'll knock on the door first. Could you please stop pointing that thing at me, Joe?

Mary: Da

(Joe lowers the gun. Geraldine walks in.)

Mary: Ach, Geraldine.

Geraldine: I hope you don't mind. Your front door was open. Can you believe this bloody polar bear? We're at our wits end over at our place.

Mary: It's desperate, so it is.

(Knock at door. Mary and Sarah jump in panic. Joe raises the gun. Deidre walks in.)

Deidre: Hello Mary, Gerry?

Mary: Mon in, Deidre love, it's open.

Deidre: Can you credit this arsehole? He's going to hold this whole town hostage, you mark my words.

Sarah: He's an evil bastard, Deidre.

Deidre: Look, I just want to get my two back home if that's all right, Mary.

Geraldine: Aye, same here. You wouldn't mind getting Clare for me?

Mary: What are you talking about?

Gerry: Shhh! Listen.

(They all turn to the TV.)

News reporter: A polar bear that escaped from Belfast Zoo this morning has been recaptured. A group of firefighters who were helping with the search discovered the animal close to the A6 between Belfast and Londonderry, feasting on a sheep carcass.

Sarah: Well thank God for that.

Granda Joe: Ah. I better leave Jim's gun back, so.

(Granda Joe walks out.)

Mary: Michelle, James and Clare, did they tell you they were coming round here?

Deidre: Aye.

Geraldine: That's right.

Mary: (shaking her head) The wee feckers.