[In the Quinn living room. The Christmas tree is up, decorated with American flags.]

Radio: The president of the United States, Bill Clinton, a committed supporter of the peace process, will visit with both sides of the community during his trip to Belfast before travelling to Londonderry.

(Erin smiles excitedly.)

Granda Joe: (running in) He's here! He's here! He's handed!

Mary: I know he has, Da! And look at the state of the place!

Granda Joe: I better tell Jim across the road. (runs out)

Mary: Christ, I'm at my wit's end!

Gerry: Firstly, he's not coming to Derry until tomorrow.

Mary: Have you seen the heck of those skirting boards, Gerry? I'd need a week to tackle them!

Gerry: And secondly, I think it's unlikely he'll call to our house.

Mary: He might call, Gerry.

Sarah: (smoking) Aye, he might take a notion.

Gerry: I think presidential visits are quite carefully planned. I'm not sure there's an awful lot of room for notion-taking.

Mary: Hope you're right, Gerry, for it's like Beirut in here. (picks up a mug) I mean, when's the last time these were bleached?

(Sarah hands her cigarette to Orla and she begins to plait her hair.)

Mary: I couldn't hand Hillary that.

Sarah: I'd say she keeps her place shining, Mary.

Mary: Sure she'd put you to shame.

(Granda Joe enters again.)

Granda Joe: Right, we need to clear this table. Jim's bringing his equipment over.

Gerry: What equipment?

Mary: Them oul radio transmitters he collects. Him and Daddy think they can tap into the CIA's system on them.

Gerry: Excuse me?

Sarah: Jim really buzzes off radio contact.

Gerry: You canna tap the CIA, Joe.

Granda Joe: It'll make tracking Clinton down much easier.

Gerry: Right. I don't think the CIA enjoy people tracking the President down. I think they can get funny about that type of stuff.

Granda Joe: Well let them try and bloody stop me!

Gerry: They will stop you, Joe. They're the CIA.

Granda Joe: I won't miss my chance! Not again! You hear me, boy?

Gerry: What the hell is he planning to do?

Mary: When JFK came to Dublin, Uncle Colm met him, Daddy didn't.

Granda Joe: Things are gonna be different this time, I tell you.

Gerry: JFK spoke to Colm? Christ, that man didn't have much luck, did he?

Erin: I'm not sure any of us will get to meet Bill or Hillary.

Gerry: Some sense, at last.

Erin: They'll be far too busy. That's why we've decided to take Chelsea off their hands.

Gerry: What?

Orla: We're going to bring her to Lisnagelvin swimming pool.

Erin: The wave machine's been fixed!

Mary: Lovely.

Orla: I hope she remembers her swimming cap, Erin. They've got dead strict about swimming caps.

Sarah: And that wain has some head of hair on her.

Gerry: Dear Jesus.