[In the school corridor.]

(The girls see Mae Cheung by her locker.)

Clare: Okay, so I say we just go over there and be ourselves, girls. Well, not totally ourselves. We should definitely be a bit ourselves. We could also pretend we're sort of better than we actually are.

(Michelle rolls her eyes.)

Clare: So I suppose what I'm saying is we could sort of present a version of ourselves that's less...

Erin: Crap.

Clare: Precisely.

Michelle: Why do we even have to talk to her?

Clare: Because she's new, Michelle!

Michelle: Eugh, I hate people I don't know.

Clare: And in case you hadn't noticed, she also happens to be Chinese. I mean, how class would it be to have a Chinese friend?!

Orla: We could keep her in my toy box!

Erin: No, we couldn't, Orla.

Orla: Oh, she'd definitely fit!

Erin: That is not the point.

Michelle: Fine, but can we agree it's on a strict one-in, one-out basis? If she joins the group, James has to leave.

Clare: Of course!

Erin: Fine.

Orla: Absolutely.

James: (looking offended) Excuse me.

(The groups approaches Mae. Clare smiles and waves enthusiastically while speaking Chinese.)

Mae: Is she all right?

Michelle: (sighs) Burning for you, Clare.

Clare: It's Cantonese.

Mae: Right, well I'm from Donegal and we speak English there.

Michelle: If you say so, Mae, but I spent a summer in Killybegs, and seriously? Not a fucking word.

Clare: We just wanted to introduce ourselves, and-

Mae: Okay, I think I see where this is going. I get this a lot. Dull white girls wanting me to join their gang because... well... (points at her face)

Erin: We're not dull.

Mae: Sure.

James: And I'm actually a boy.

Mae: Wow, she has a really fucked up accent.

Michelle: We know.

Mae: (sighing and folding her arms) What's in this for me? What are you bringing to the table?

Orla: Cream crackers?

Mae: I'm good for cream crackers, thank you. (closing her locker) I'll see you around, girls.

(Mae starts to walk away.)

Orla: Maybe we don't need a Chinese person. We've already got a lesbian.

Mae: (suddenly turning around) What? Who?

Clare: (raising her hand) Me.

Mae: Really? You don't look like a lesbian.

Clare: What do you mean?

Mae: Just that you're a bit... short.

Clare: Well, there's no height restrictions, as far as I'm aware.

Mae: Interesting. I've always wanted a gay friend. I mean, ideally a fella, but...

Jenny: Howdy, folks!

Michelle: Christ.

Jenny: I'm Jenny. This is Aisling. We just thought we'd introduce ourselves and see if...

Clare: Too late, Jenny. She's ours.

Jenny: I see. Look, these girls are great, but I do have a pen pal from the Carribean, so perhaps my circle is a little bit more diverse?

Clare: Back. Off.

Jenny: (handing Mae a slip of paper) Think it over. Give me a call. Oh, and FYI, the prom queen vote closes today.

Michelle: FY-nobody-gives-a-shit!

Aisling: Here's the wee ballot.

Erin: (looking at the ballot) I see you've thrown your hat into the ring, Jenny.

Jenny: I had my arm twisted. But feel free to tick my box.

Michelle: Dirty bitch.