[In the Quinn living room. Granda Joe is watching Take That on TV.]

Granda Joe: God almighty, I don't know what the world's coming to. Bloody perverts.

Mary: (holding the baby) You're overreacting, Da.

Granda Joe: Overreacting? That lad's got no trousers on, for Christ sake.

Sarah: (drying her tan) He has a great set of pins on him, doesn't he?

(James, Erin, Michelle and Clare sit on the sofa watching the TV and dancing.)

Mary: For God's sake. Will you close that window? We're foundered here.

Sarah: I need air, Mary. I've five layers on me.

Mary: Five layers? What are you trying to do? Change race?

Sarah: Give us a going over with the hairdryer, will you?

Mary: Indeed, I will not. I've enough to be at.

Granda Joe: Why do they keep touching themselves?

Erin: Because they're artists, Granda.

Granda Joe: Dirty English bastards is what they are. (to James) No offence son.

(Granda Joe turns the channel to the news. The kids look annoyed.)

News reporter: SDLP leader John Hume has again called for cross party peace talks.

Sarah: John's really dying for peace, like, isn't he? It's all he ever goes on about. I hope it works out for him.

Mary: Aye, I sort of hope it works out for all of us, Sarah.

(Gerry walks in.)

Gerry: Come on, girls. It's time to hit the road here. (to James) Have they roped you into going as well, son?

Michelle: Roped him? Hardly. He's riding Gary Barlow.

James: I am not! I just respect him as a songwriter, that's all.

Michelle: Aye, dead on, James. So you do.

Mary: Will we need our passports, Gerry?

Gerry: For Belfast? I don't think so, love.

Granda Joe: Belfast?

Erin: Are we not a bit early, Daddy?

Gerry: It's a two hour drive with traffic, love.

Granda Joe: (getting up in fury) This thing's in Belfast?

Erin: But it's eight hours til the doors open.

Gerry: I know, we're cutting it fine.

Granda Joe: Belfast! Sure why don't you just sell the wains into white slavery and be done with it?

Mary: Gerry will be with them, Da.

Granda Joe: Well that's worse! Sure, they hate his kind there!

Gerry: My kind?

Granda Joe: Pricks.

(Gerry looks offended.)

Mary: That is enough. They're going to the concert, Da. And that's the end of the matter.

News reporter: And finally, panic at Belfast Zoo today, when a polar bear escaped from its enclosure. The RUC have launched a widespread search and have warned residents in the local area to be extra vigilant.

Granda Joe: Now will you see sense?

Erin: Aye, Granda, 'cause an escaped polar bear's going to track us down and kill us. As if Mammy's bothered by that.

(Mary is speechless.)