[In Sister Michael's office. The kids stand before the Child of Prague statue.]

Michelle: Creepy wee fucker, isn't he?

Clare: I would just like to state once again for the record that I think this might be the worst idea we've ever had!

Erin: Look, do you want to help Ms. De Brn or not?

Clare: Can we not find a way to help her that doesn't involve abducting a holy statue?

Erin: We're not abducting him, Clare. We're kidnapping him.

Clare: (frantic) Is that different? I don't think that's different.

Erin: We'll give him back on the condition that Ms. De Brn is rightfully reinstated.

Clare: Oh, I'm sure Sister Michael will be fully on board with that.

Orla: Aye, me too.

Michelle: Okay, let's do the photograph.

Erin: Great, I'll write the ransom note.

James: (holding a camera) We need a copy of today's newspaper.

Clare: Why?

James: It's just the done thing, kidnapping-wise.

Orla: I've got last week's parish bulletin.

Michelle: That'll do.

Erin: (writing at the desk) I'm going to use my left hand just in case she recognises my handwriting.

Clare: Oh, well this is foolproof!

(James takes a photo of the statue.)

Erin: Should I start, 'Dear Sister Michael,' or 'To whom it may concern,' do you think?

(Clare looks furious.)

Michelle: (looking at the photograph) I don't know about this one. I think he looks a bit fat in it.

Orla: Yeah, that's not flattering.

Michelle: (moving the statue) Right, maybe if we just tilt him this way a bit.

James: (trying to move the statue) See, I think he needs to come forward a bit.

Michelle: It was fine where it was, dicko.

(They fight over the statue.)

James: Look, I'm the one taking the photo.

Michelle: Fuck off!

James: Just leave it, Michelle.

(They drop the statue. His head falls off and rolls across the floor.)

Clare: Ah! Good God!

(Erin picks the head off the floor.)

Erin: Okay. So we've gone a bit off course here.

Orla: Let's glue him!

Michelle: Brilliant! We'll just we'll just stick it back on, and it'll be grand.

(They quickly try to glue the head back on.)

(Sister Michael runs in, in her judo outfit.)

Sister Michael: Jesus, girls! What are you still doing here? I thought we had an intruder, and I tell you what, he'd have been a sorry boy, for I just nailed some serious moves.

(The kids look worried and guilty.)

(Sister Michael crosses her arms.)

Erin: We were just working on our English project, Sister.

(Clare nods.)

Sister Michael: Step aside.

(The kids don't move. Sister Michael clicks her fingers at them. They move to reveal the statue, with its head glued on upside down. Sister Michael looks distraught.)

Sister Michael: What in God's name have you done?