[On the street. The crowds gather.]

(Clare stands at the railing with a cut lip. A woman approaches her and Clare shakes her head, turning her away. Clare looks pleased with herself.)

(Michelle, Erin, James and Orla approach. Erin has a flag round her neck. Orla has a flag on her head and has USA written backwards on her forehead.)

Clare: It's the best spot. I got THE best spot!

Erin: What happened to your face?

Clare: See that bitch over there? (gestures towards a child)

Erin: That wee girl?

Clare: She tried to muscle in. Things got ugly. She'll think twice next time.

Erin: You didn't fight that wain, did you, Clare?

Clare: I did fight that wain, Erin, and I'll fight that wain again if I have to.

Michelle: What the fuck is wrong with you?

Clare: People have been circling this spot like vultures. I've managed to hold them off so far, but it's only going to get tougher. We must show no weakness. We must be as one.

Michelle: Are you on glue?

Clare: Come on, link up!

(Michelle, Erin and Orla hesitantly link up with Clare. James doesn't move.)

Clare: Come on, James!

James: I need to talk to you. To all of you.

Clare: Later, James.

James: It can't wait.

Michelle: Just fuck up and link on.

James: I'm leaving. I'm going back to London with Mum.

(The girls look shocked.)

Erin: When?

James: Now. I have to go now. The taxi's booked. I'm sorry. It was all decided so quickly...

Orla: I don't understand.

(Erin looks devastated.)

Michelle: He's not serious.

James: I am.

Orla: You can't leave, James.

James: Look, this was always gonna happen. This was never my real life. It was just something that got in the way of it.

Erin: What are you talking about? You love it here.

James: I'm not sure I do. I think I've just developed Stockholm syndrome.

Michelle: Catch yourself on. You've never even been to Switzerland.

James: Listen. I'll never forget this place. But I have to go home now. It's time. Goodbye, girls.

(James turns and walks through the crowd.)

Michelle: (separating herself from the other girls) Oh, I don't fucking think so somehow, dickface!

(Michelle runs through the crowd and finds James under a bridge.)

Michelle: Oy, wank features!

James: Michelle, please.

Michelle: Goodbye, girls? Wise the fuck up!

James: What do you want me to say?

Michelle: She'll let you down again, you do realise that?

James: She's asked me to be a partner in her business, actually, Michelle, so...

Michelle: Now it makes sense. She needs you to help flog her fucking stickers.

James: Self-adhesive labels.

Michelle: Free labour. That's what she's after. You know she only thinks about herself, James. And when it doesn't work out, what then?

James: It will work out! Anyway, it's not like I belong here. I never did.

Michelle: That's not true. You're a Derry Girl now, James.

James: Piss off.

Michelle: I'm serious. It doesn't matter that you've got that stupid accent, or that your bits are different to my bits, but because being a Derry Girl, well, it's a fucking state of mind! And you're one of us.

James: I have to do this.

Michelle: But I don't want you to.

James: She's my mum, Michelle.

Michelle: Well, fuck off then.

(James looks upset as he walks away.)

(Michelle begins to cry.)