[Time lapse. On the road to Belfast in the van.]

(Clare looks at some CDs. Michelle hugs a Robbie cardboard cutout.)

Michelle: We totally suit.

Erin: Have you ever actually met them, Rita? Take That?

Rita: Nah, I can't stand them, if I'm being honest, but the fans are so thick they'll buy any old shite. Present company incuded.

Erin: I think you mean excluded.

Rita: Naw. Naw, I don't.

Erin: I see.

Rita: Pop music isn't really my thing, truth be told. It's all so fucking soulless. Nah. I'm a classical head, all the way, but I've been banned from trading at Glyndebourne ever since I absolutely battered that Pavarotti fan, and when I say battered I mean intellectually, like. I did kick the shit out of him as well.

(Erin looks terrified. Orla looks shocked.)

Rita: Pavo's La Boheme is very muscular, but for purity of tone you simply cannot fault Bocelli!! I mean, listen to that, girls.

(Rita turns on classical music.)

Rita: Pass us a can, there.

Erin: A can of?

(Orla passes Rita a can of beer.)

Erin: (looking worried) Oh, beer. I see.

(Rita cracks open the can and drinks while driving.)

Erin: Alcoholic beer.

Rita: Ah, that's fucking beautiful.

Erin: While driving. Okay. Fine. Good.

Rita: (taking another mouthful) Mmm! I mean, what a fucking instrument! Glorious!

(Clare looks awkwardly at a t-shirt with a spelling mistake.)

Erin: Any idea what the speed limit is around here?

Clare: Robie?!

Rita: Close your eyes, girls, and soak it up!

Erin: Sure. Of course. But maybe you could soak it up with your eyes open and, you know, on the road?!

(Andrea Bocelli continues playing as they drive down the road. Rita continues drinking, closing her eyes and crying. Erin looks terrified.)

(Clare pulls out more t-shirts, all with the spelling mistake 'Robie'.)

Clare: Erin, what are we going to do?

Erin: I don't know! She's fucking mental!

Clare: She spelt Robbie wrong on every single t-shirt!

Erin: What?

Clare: How are we going to break it to her?

(Rita drinks more beer.)

Erin: That's what you're worried about, Clare? At this very second, that's what's concerning you, a spelling mistake?!

Clare: I find it disturbing, Erin.

Rita: I tell you what, girls, I don't believe in God but, see, if I did

Michelle: Um, she's lost the plot.

Rita: (crying) That's what he would sound like!

Michelle: We should have took our chances with the gypsies.

Erin and Clare: Travellers!

(Thudding and braking. Rita spills beer on herself. Erin looks terrified.)

Michelle: Jesus Christ!

(Orla fixes her hair.)

Erin: What was that?

Clare: Did we hit something?!

(Orla looks out the window, shocked and excited.)

Orla: Oh my God! It's the polar bear!