[In the shopping mall.]

Erin: I hate to do this, Clare.

Clare: (angry) I said it's fine.

Erin: Really?

Clare: I'm happy for you.

Erin: Okay, it's just you don't sound happy for me.

Clare: Well, I am. I'm over the moon!

Erin: Great, because me and John Paul are just at a really crucial point in our relationship.

Michelle: You've strong-armed him into taking you to the prom, Erin. Doesn't mean you're in a relationship.

Erin: We'll see about that.

Mae: (walking up to the girls) Hiya! So, this is where the gays hang out, is it?

(Orla nods happily. Clare shakes her head and giggles.)

Mae: So, what's happening?

Michelle: Erin's just sacked Clare as a prom date so she can take the fella she fancies.

Mae: Bad craic, Erin. Very bad craic.

Erin: That is not true.

James: Isn't it?

Erin: Well, I mean, there is some truth in it.

Mae: Come with me.

Clare: Really?

Erin: Really?

Mae: Really. It'll be a laugh. And I'm definitely an upgrade. (to Erin) Just a wee joke there.

Erin: Yeah, it was. It was dead funny.

Mae: (to Clare) What do you say?

Clare: Sounds good to me.

Mae: Great! All sorted.

(Orla and James look delighted.)

Michelle: Okay, now that Mae has officially joined the group, we need to give James his notice.

(James' smile drops.)

James: What?

Michelle: I personally think a week's more than generous.

Orla: (smiling) Me too.

James: (looking upset and offended) Orla!

Orla: Oh, I'm sorry, James, but Chinese people are just better than English people.

(The group walk through the mall.)

Erin: Right. I say we hit Primark first.

Mae: Classy.

Erin: Yeah, well, we have about 17.50 between us, Mae, so needs must.

Michelle: It's grand, I swiped my ma's credit card.

James: Is that grand? Or is it actually a criminal offence?

Michelle: Look, we'll just whack a couple of dresses on it, don't take the labels off, and wear them to prom, then return them the next day. The money will be back in her account as quick as it went out.

Clare: No way, Jose!

Michelle: It's totally grand, Clare. I do it all the time. You just have to make sure that you don't, like, spill anything on it, or, like, sweat.