[In the assembly hall at school.]

Jenny's friends: (singing) doo-bee-doo-bee-doo-bee-doo-bee-doo-bee-doo-bee-doo!

Jenny: (singing) It's Monday morning!

Jenny's friends: (singing) It's Monday morning!

Jenny: (singing) Hip-hip-hooray!

(Michelle watches on in disgust.)

Jenny's friends: (singing) Hip-hip-hooray!

Jenny and friends: (singing) Let's get going, it's a brand new day!

(Erin looks shocked.)

Jenny: (singing) It's Monday morning!

Jenny's friends: (singing) It's Monday morning!

Jenny: (singing) Come on, let's go!

Jenny's friends: (singing) Come on, let's go!

Jenny and friends: (singing) Paint on a smile, and start the show!

Jenny and friends: (singing) Dum-dum-dum-dum. Oh, Monday morning!

(Orla looks horrified and leans into a random girl beside her.)

Jenny and friends: (singing) There ain't nothing, that I-I-I can't do!

(Sister Michael looks mortified.)

Jenny's friends: (singing) Doo-bee-doo-bee-doo!

Jenny: (singing) On Monday morning!

Jenny's friends: (singing) Monday morning!

(James looks astonished.)

Jenny: (singing) Oh, Monday morning!

Jenny's friends: (singing) Monday morning!

Jenny and friends: (singing) Monday morning, I love you-ou-ouuu!! (jazz hands)

(The song ends and everyone sits in silence.)

Sister Michael: (Taking a deep breath) Lovely. And I believe you wrote the lyrics yourselves. Is that correct?

Jenny: It is indeed, Sister.

Sister Michael: Do you ever think you might have too much time on your hands, girls? Lose the jackets.

(Jenny and her friends take off their jackets as Sister Michael makes her way to centre stage.)

Sister Michael: (reading) Just a couple of things. Firstly, I'd like to introduce Mae Cheung. Can you make yourself known, please, Mae?

(Mae raises her hand as Erin and Clare turn to look at her.)

Sister Michael: Miss Cheung's family have recently moved here to Derry, so I hope you'll all make her feel very welcome. It's bound to be a bit of a culture shock, Mae. Things are done differently in this part of the world.

(Erin looks impressed. Clare looks delighted.)

Sister Michael: But I'm sure you'll feel as at home here as you did back in your beloved... Donegal.

(Clare's smile drops slightly.)

Sister Michael: Announcement from Jenny Joyce and the dance committee. The school social event of the year is fast approaching, but before you don your glad rags... and... boogie... on down... I'm sorry, I simply cannot read this.

(Sister Michael walks to the side of the stage, handing the script to Jenny.)

Jenny: (enthusiastically) But before you don your glad rags, and boogie on down, we'd like to let you in on our little secret. We're not actually going to have a school formal this year.

(Crowd gasps.)

Jenny: No, listen. We're not going to have a school formal. We're going to have...

Jenny's friends: (singing) Doo-bee-doo-bee-doo-bee-doo-bee-doo-bee-doo-bee-doo!

Jenny: A fifties prom!

Girl: What?!

Michelle: Wise up!

Jenny: I know, I know, but I do love a theme. Sure isn't that why people call me the theme queen?

Clare: Do they?

Michelle: Do they fuck!

Jenny: We want it to have a real old-school, retro, vintage vibe, so feel free to just go for it!

Michelle: Feel free to kiss my hole.