[In the Quinn kitchen. Erin is wearing a 'Friends Across the Barricade' t-shirt. Clare sits at the table.]

Mary: And for the love of God, don't forget your waterproof trousers. (she hands Erin her trousers) They nearly bloody bankrupted us. Do the Protestants have to bring waterproof trousers? Or will the Catholics be expected to do all the dirty work?

(Sarah smokes.)

Erin: What dirty work? It's an outdoor pursuits weekend.

Mary: I thought you said you were building bridges?

Erin: Not real bridges, Mammy. Metaphorical bridges.

Mary: Then why can't you wear metaphorical trousers?

Sarah: (to Clare) Will any of your crowd be going, love?

Clare: My crowd?

Sarah: Or can you not get Protestant lesbians?

Clare: Naw, I think you can get them all right. It's just-

Granda Joe: I heard that K.D. Lang on the radio yesterday. Christ, but she's got some set of pipes on her. You're very talented people.

Clare: Thank you?

(Orla walks in, dressed in camo, carrying a torch.)

Orla: Has anyone seen my bow and arrow?

Sarah: Orla really thrives in the wild, you know. That time we went camping in Portsalon, sure, she was like Mowgli running around them woods. She was that happy, Mary, I honestly thought about just leaving her there.

Orla: (smiling and shining the torch around the room) Ach, Mammy.

(Joe is watching TV.)

TV: Because of government restrictions, we cannot broadcast the voice of Mr. Adams. His words are spoken by an actor.

Gerry: I will never understand the point of it.

Granda Joe: I'll never understand the point of you.

Gerry: Grand so.

(Doorbell rings.)

Erin: I'll go.

(Gerry sits down to watch TV with Joe. Erin walks to the door.)

Sarah: (walking over to the TV) It's because his actual voice is actually very seductive. Apparently, he sounds like a West Belfast Bond. As far as the English are concerned, a voice like that, well, it's dangerous.

Gerry: Just so I'm clear, are you saying that the British government dub the voice of Gerry Adams because it's too sexy?

Granda Joe: It's like a fine whiskey. And I have that on good authority, boy.

Gerry: Okay.

(Michelle and James stand at the front door.)

Michelle: (smiling) Fuck-a-doodle-doo.

James: Hi.

(Erin walks in and Michelle and James follow.)

Michelle: Bet that's what he said when he was nabbed.

Erin: When who got nabbed?

Michelle: Have yous not heard? You know your man? Floppy hair, English, he's all 'fuck-a-doodle this', 'fuck-a-doodle that'. He's flat out going to weddings with his mates until one of them, the fat, beardy one in the skirt, until he croaks it and they're all, 'We need to show this man a bit of respect here, let's stop all the clocks'. 

(Silence.)

Michelle: He goes with your woman. Do you know her? She's a total ride, but she paperclips her frocks together. Well, he was caught getting down and dirty with some hooker in the back of his BMW. (she picks up a piece of toast) Dark horse, or what?

Mary: Good morning, Michelle.

Michelle: I am buzzing for this weekend. Them waterproof trousers do wonders for my hole.

James: Mine are pink. They're bright pink.

Michelle: They were two for one, James. Stop crying.

Mary: (shocked) Two for one? Where?

Michelle: Kay's catalogue. Oh, and me mammy said to tell you

Mary: Her big bowl. I know, I know, I keep forgetting. I'll drop it round today.

Michelle: No, she says to hang onto it.

(Mary turns in shock.)

Mary: What? She doesn't want her big bowl back? But why? There's nothing wrong with that bowl.

Sarah: Sure, I was admiring that bowl only yesterday.

Granda Joe: It's a grand bowl.

Michelle: I'm just the messenger, folks.

Sarah: Right.

Erin: We need to shift ourselves.

(They all get up with their bags.)

Mary: Listen, wains, I've already said this to Erin.

Erin: Mammy, please!

Mary: No funny business with these Protestant lads. Is that clear? I don't want anybody landing back here pregnant.

James: Not very likely in my case. (he laughs)

Granda Joe: Well, I wouldn't rule it out son.

Mary: Teenage boys can be very convincing, Erin. (she hands her a sandwich) I remember your father at that age and

Erin: End that sentence now.

Gerry: Yes. Please do.

Granda Joe: Creep.

Erin: We're not doing this to get off with Protestant boys, Mammy. We're doing this to reach across the divide.

Mary: (to Michelle) Did your mother get a new big bowl?

Michelle: I don't think so.

Erin: We're doing this for peace.

Mary: All right, Erin! No need to make a big song and dance about it.

(The kids all walk out.)