[On the bus to Belfast. Erin, Michelle, James, Orla and Clare sit in the back seats.]

Clare: (wearing a full black outfit and black hat) We're going to get caught. I just know it.

Michelle: We're not going to get caught, Clare. Because, as far as our Mas are concerned, me, you and James are round Erin's, and Erin and Orla are round mine.

Orla: But we're not round yours, Michelle. We're on the bus to Belfast.

Michelle: I can't, I cannot explain it to her again. I'm going to scream.

James: What's in the suitcase, Michelle?

(A red suitcase sits on the seat in front of Michelle.)

Michelle: Vodka.

Erin: You've brought an entire suitcase full of vodka?

Michelle: No. There's mixers as well. I'm not a savage. You can mix vodka with cider, right?

Clare: God, I am boiling!

Erin: Is it any wonder, Clare? What are you wearing?

Michelle: Yeah, you look like a fucking provo.

Clare: I don't want anyone recognising me, okay?

Michelle: No one's going to recognise you, Clare.

(Sister Michael gets on the bus.)

Sister Michael: Clare Devlin, is that you?

Clare: (panicking) Jesus Christ.

Erin: Relax, Clare. It's the weekend. She has no authority over us at the weekend. She has no right to question us, and if she tries to, I'll tell her as much.

Sister Michael: Morning, girls.

All: Morning, Sister Michael.

Sister Michael: What takes you to Belfast?

(Clare looks to Erin.)

Erin: I'm not really sure that's

Sister Michael: Speak up.

Erin: I'm not really sure that that's any of your business.

Sister Michael: I'm going to assume that was an ill-judged attempt at humour, Miss Quinn.

Erin: Yes.

Sister Michael: Now answer the question.

Erin: We're going to the museum.

Sister Michael: Which museum?

Clare: The Ulster Museum.

Sister Michael: What for?

James: A project. A history project.

(Orla looks confused.)

Sister Michael: What about?

Michelle: Ulster?

Sister Michael: (suspicious) Hmm

(Sister Michael walks away and takes a seat. The kids sigh with relief. Sister Michael turns to look at them suspiciously.)