[Time lapse. Father Peter has arrived.]

(Father Peter slicks his hair back with his hand, in slow motion.)

Father Peter: Okay, so I see a few familiar faces out there. As some of you may know, I took a bit of a sabbatical last year.

Michelle: Do you mean when you shacked up with a slutty hairdresser, but then she dumped you?

Sister Michael: Miss Mallon, please! Raise your hand if you want to ask a question.

(Michelle raises her hand.)

Father Peter: Okay, I think we should just move on.

Sister Michael: The hairdresser certainly did.

Father Peter: Okay, so this is just a little exercise I like to kick off with.

(Sister Michael sighs and lies back in her seat.)

Sister Michael: Ah, give me strength!

Father Peter: I want you guys to give me examples of things that Catholics and Protestants have in common, and things that they don't have in common. Let's start with the similarities. Erin, why don't you get the ball rolling?

Erin: Okay. So, we both Right So, we all God, this is actually quite hard.

Father Peter: Anything at all, a small thing, even.

Erin: Okay, so Right. (laughs) God, I'm actually drawing a blank here, to be honest. (shakes her head)

Father Peter: Not to worry. Someone else? A similarity. Yes?

Philip: (his hand is raised) Protestants are British and Catholics are Irish.

Father Peter: So, that's actually a difference. Quite a Quite a big difference.

(Clare looks confused.)

Father Peter: But that's okay. We can write that down.

(Jenny writes it down in differences.)

Father Peter: Now, back to similarities. Yes?

Michelle: (hand raised) Protestants are richer.

Father Peter: Okay, so that's another difference. And I'm not sure that's actually I mean, is that true?

Sister Michael: (nodding) I would say so.

Miss Taylor: Mmm, yeah, I suppose that's fair enough.

(Jon raises his hand.)

Father Peter: Yes, off you go.

Jon: Catholics really buzz off statues and we don't so much.

(Orla hugs the teddy she stole from James. She nods.)

Sister Michael: I do enjoy a good statue, it has to be said.

Father Peter: So again, what we have there is a difference.

Orla: (raising her hand) Ohh! Protestants like to march and Catholics like to walk.

Father Peter: Okay, can we just Jenny, can you just? Oh you've already written it down, have you?

(Jenny nods.)

Father Peter: Great. Thank you, Jenny.

(Sister Michael smirks softly.)

Father Peter: I just want to pause and think about what's in here. (points at his heart)

(Everyone looks confused.)

Father Peter: What about the fact that we all feel, and love, and hope, and Write this down. We all cry. We all laugh. We all dream.

(Aisling hesitates awkwardly, and doesn't write anything.)

Father Peter: So I just want to think along those lines, for a moment. Okay?

Protestant boy: Catholics watch RTE!

Catholic girl: Protestants love cleaning!

Michelle: Protestants are taller!

Dee: Catholics have more freckles!

(Father Peter looks exhausted.)

Orla: Protestants hate Abba!

(Jenny has filled the board with differences.)

Father Peter: Okay, let me just rephrase slightly.

(Aisling's board of similarities is empty.)

Father Peter: Can you think of anything that unites every single person in this room?

(Silence.)

Father Peter: Is there anything that we all want?

Sister Michael: (bored) For this to be over.

Father Peter: And we'll wrap it up there.