[In the Quinn kitchen.]

(Joe, Colm and Jim have headphones on, deep in concentration. Mary, Gerry and Sarah are watching TV.)

Gerry: What exactly is the plan over there?

Mary: They're trying to discover the location of the presidential base camp.

Gerry: Does that mean which hotel he's staying in?

Mary: Think so, aye.

(The door opens and Erin and Orla walk in excitedly.)

Mary: What kept you two?

Erin: We have some serious scandal, Mammy!

Mary: I'm not interested in any of your oul schoolgirl gossip, Erin.

Sarah: I am.

Erin: We just met James' mammy.

Mary: Cathy Maguire's back? Really?

Orla: She tried to set us on fire.

(Mary, Gerry and Sarah get up.)

Gerry: She did what?!

Erin: She didn't!

Mary: Jesus, but she's no shame.

Sarah: Tell me this, wains. How were the eyebrows?

Erin: What do you mean?

Sarah: The eyebrows. Were they looking well?

Erin: I didn't really notice her eyebrows.

Sarah: Cathy Maguire had the best eyebrows in Derry back in her day. She could've given Joan Crawford a run for her money. Isn't that right, Mary?

Mary: I've no time for Cathy Maguire. The woman abandoned her own wain, Sarah. She always was one cold, self-serving wee madam.

Sarah: I'm not talking about her. I'm talking about her eyebrows. Cathy and her eyebrows are two separate entities.

Mary: All right. Don't be getting worked up.

Sarah: Well I just think you should be able to compliment a woman's eyebrows without having her personality dragged into it.

(The doorbell rings. Erin goes to answer it.)

Mary: Fine. Her eyebrows were exceptional.

Sarah: Thank you.

Erin: (shouting) It's Uncle Colm!

Gerry: Dear God, no.

(Uncle Colm walks in.)

Mary: Everything all right, Colm?

Uncle Colm: Aw God, aye. Well, the oul knee's giving me a bit of jip, but sure, I'll not bore you with the details.

Gerry: I doubt that.

Uncle Colm: I felt a twinge there this morning and I says to myself, says I, "Colm, you'll need to get that seen to. You can't let that go," for, and you'll maybe not remember this, girls, but Maggie Murphy felt a twinge on a Monday, and on the Thursday of the very same week, sure didn't she drop dead at the bingo, and her sitting on a full house too. But, sure, you can't take it with you, as they say. God rest her soul.

Mary: Is there something we can do for you, Colm?

Uncle Colm: Oh, I just called round to help with this CIA business.

Granda Joe: (looking angry) Who told you about that?

Jim: I did, Joe.

Granda Joe: Why?

Jim: Look, Colm's met JFK. He has experience with presidents. He'll know what to do.

Granda Joe: No chance! I'm sorry, Colm, but you can't be part of this. If you meet Bill Clinton, you'll be a president up. You'll have two presidents to my one. I can't have you getting ahead of me president-wise.

Sarah: One of his presidents is dead, Daddy.

Granda Joe: It still counts.

Jim: (listening carefully) Ssh!

Granda Joe: I'll only have to even things up again.

Jim: Sssh, Joe.

Granda Joe: I can't spend the rest of my life traipsing about after bloody presidents. I've other things to be at, girls.

Jim: Shut up, Joe!

Granda Joe: What the blazes is wrong with you?! Mouth!

Jim: I think I've got something.

(Mary looks shocked.)

Granda Joe: Don't toy with me now, Jim.

(Joe puts his headphones on. The radio crackles. Erin looks scared.)

Jim: Aye. It was a CIA agent, all right. He said they're taking Bill back to base, and I know where it is!

Granda Joe: We need to move quickly.

Jim: (to Gerry) You still okay to drive us?

(Gerry looks taken aback.)

Gerry: What?

Granda Joe: We need someone to stay in the car, in case things don't go to plan.

Gerry: So, a getaway driver, essentially.

Jim: We're talking worse-case scenario.

Gerry: We're talking no-case scenario!