[On top of the mountain.]

Father Peter: Philip will control Clare's descent, by feeding her rope through what's known as a belay device. So he'll be the one actually dictating the speed of her drop.

Clare: I think if it's okay, I'd just like to take a moment, and just

(The man pushes her backwards. She screams.)

Clare: Jesus! Ahhhh! Ahhhh!

Father Peter: Are you ready, Philip?

Philip: Ohh, yeah. (he smiles down at Clare)

(Clare shakes her head in terror and whimpers.)

Father Peter: Okay, so, on three.

Clare: Seriously, folks, I'm not feeling entirely comfortable with this!

(Philip smiles.)

Father Peter: One two

(Clare screams.)

Father Peter: Three.

(Philip begins feeding the rope through. Clare drops suddenly. She screams.)

Clare: Stop! Stop it! Get me out of here! He's trying to kill me!

(Michelle looks entertained. Erin looks worried.)

Clare: He wants to kill us all! All of the Catholics!

(Philip looks confused.)

Clare: Look at his eyes, he's a madman! A Fenian-hating madman!

(Everyone looks up at her in confusion.)

Clare: Don't let the Jaffa bastard hurt me! Please!

(Michelle laughs.)

Erin: Jesus, Clare!

Michelle: Fuck-a-doodle-doo!

Clare: He said he hated us!

Philip: No, I didn't.

Clare: Last night, you said you hated Catholics! Admit it!

Philip: I said I hated athletes! I'm not much of a sports fan.

Clare: But we weren't even talking about athletes!

Philip: Yeah, well, I thought we were.

Clare: Why would you have thought we were talking about athletes?!

Philip: Because, I'm deaf in one ear!

(Clare pauses suddenly and realises her mistake.)

Michelle: Catholics sounds a bit like athletes, to be fair to him, like!

(Everyone mutters in agreement.)

Dee: They're all arseholes.

Erin: What's that supposed to mean?

Harry: You tried to swap us.

Dee: Because all Protestants are the same? Aren't they, girls?

Michelle: Yes.

Erin: No!

Jon: (turning to James) And this guy's really creepy, and a bit sort of sexist. (turning to Orla) And she carries a knife and makes people bury their own excrement.

(Orla nods in agreement.)

Protestant boy: Fucking Catholics.

Michelle: Who said that?!

Erin: Who?!

(They all start fighting. Sister Mary and Miss Taylor drink their tea peacefully.)

Miss Taylor: Should we break it up?

Father Peter: (people grabbing his hair) Don't touch the hair! Don't touch the hair!

Sister Michael: Let's leave it a minute. (she eats a biscuit)