[At the cinema.]

Mary: Ach, this is lovely, Gerry.

Gerry: I thought it'd be nice for us to do something together, just the two of us, you know?

Sarah: Mary! Gerry!

(Mary and Gerry turn in shock.)

Sarah: You're not allowed to smoke in this place. Can you believe that? It's barbaric.

Gerry: Sarah, what are you doing here?

Sarah: Mary said you were having a wee night to yourselves, so I thought you might want some company.

Gerry: Why? W-why would you think that?

Ciaran: Sarah!

Gerry: Ah, himself as well, is it? Great!

Mary: (fake smiling) Sweet Jesus.

Ciaran: (smiling) Hiya, how are ye?

Sarah: They don't let you smoke in here, Ciaran. Can you credit it?

Ciaran: This is a nice surprise. When Sarah asked me to the cinema, I thought, well, I thought she meant just the two of us.

Gerry: No, Ciaran, because that would be what's the word now? Normal.

Ciaran: Double date it is then, so.

Mary: Wonder what's keeping Daddy.

(They look shocked.)

Gerry: Excuse me?

(Granda Joe appears.)

Granda Joe: (holding tickets) I've got the tickets.

Mary: We haven't decided what we want to see yet, Da!

Granda Joe: Well, I liked the look of that one with all the lads in the line-up. It's got your man in it, the farmer from Glenroe.

Mary: What, Gabriel Byrne?

Ciaran: He's done a fair bit since Glenroe now.

Granda Joe: And who are you? His agent?

Mary: Da, I don't understand this. You hate the cinema.

Granda Joe: Oh, not since I discovered it's the only way I can spend time with our Colm. It's the one place the boring bastard doesn't talk.

Mary: But Colm's not here, is he, Da?

(Joe doesn't say anything. Mary looks worried.)

Mary: Da?

(Colm is at the till, talking to the cashier. There is a long queue behind him.)

Uncle Colm: And that's not to say, now, that in my younger years, I didn't enjoy a boiled sweet, but then I heard tell of a fella from Ballynahinch What was it his name was, now?

(The cashier looks at the queue impatiently.)

Uncle Colm: I had it there a minute ago. Ach, it'll come to me. Anyway, this Ballynahinch lad, and as I say, his name escapes me

(Mary looks at Colm in dread.)

Uncle Colm: But he was mad keen on the boiled sweets. Sure, he couldn't get enough of them. But in the end, well, didn't he choke to death on one? A pear drop, I think it was. Or a clove rock maybe

(Cashier mouths an apology to the others in the queue.)

Uncle Colm: But either way, it's not how I'd want to go. (shaking his head)

Mary: (to cashier) I know, love. I know. (she leads Colm away from the till)