[Time lapse.]

Clare: (pulling her hair out of her jumper) A history project! This web of lies we're spinning is getting out of control now, girls!

(Clare whips off her hat and straightens her hair.)

Michelle: It's grand, Clare. I think she bought it.

Clare: Of course she didn't buy it! She's onto us. I'm telling you. My God, I'm sweltered here.

Erin: Then take it off!

Clare: I can't take it off. I've nothing underneath it.

Erin: What, not even a bra?

Michelle: Jesus, Clare! You've no bra on?

Clare: (shouting) Of course I've got a bra on!

Orla: I haven't got a bra on.

James: Can everyone please stop saying 'bra'.

Clare: But I can hardly parade around in just my bra, can I? I'm not Madonna.

Michelle: Isn't that the truth.

Clare: What's she doing now?

James: Reading her book.

(Sister Michael reads The Exorcist and laughs.)

James: Now she's looking at the woman beside her.

(Sister Michael looks at the old woman beside her who's eating a sandwich.)

James: Now she's getting up.

(Clare looks panicked.)

James: Now she's coming this way.

(Sister Michael walks towards the kids.)

James: Now she's standing right in front of us.

Sister Michael: What's he doing?

James: Now she's asking

Erin: Stop talking, James.

Sister Michael: (pointing at the seat with the suitcase on it) I want to sit here.

Michelle: What? What, why?

Sister Michael: Well, you're just such wonderful company, girls, what with your stimulating conversation and your razor sharp wit.

Erin: Really?

Sister Michael: No, not really. The woman next to me is eating an egg and onion sandwich and the smell of it is enough to turn an orange march. (she picks up the suitcase) Christ, but this is heavy.

Michelle: Sister, no. Let me.

Sister Michael: What do you have in here, girls?

Clare: It's not ours!

Sister Michael: Not yours?

Clare: We have never seen it before in our lives. Have we, girls?

Erin: Nope.

Michelle: Never.

James: No.

Sister Michael: (turning to the front of the bus) Excuse me, everyone! Can I have your attention, please? Does anyone own this red suitcase?

(Orla raises her hand.)

All: No.

(The kids look worried.)

Sister Michael: Now, let me be clear. No one can claim this bag? Is that correct?

All: That's correct.

Sister Michael: I think we have a code red on our hands! Driver, pull over!

(The kids panic as Sister Michael walks away.)