[Time lapse. The kids have found their partners.]

Erin: (holding a teddy bear) Ach, lads, you really shouldn't have.

Dee: (holding gift bag) I'm starting to see that all right.

(James smiles at his teddy bear.)

Michelle: (holding a teddy) I'm going to keep mine on my bed, where I sleep, in me knickers. (flirtatiously stares at Harry)

Harry: Right.

Dee: (holding Ulster Bank keyring) I mean, these are free for a start. My dad has, like, forty-five of them.

(James looks elated with his teddy bear.)

Jon: We were told it was an all girls school. You've been a bit short changed there.

James: Nah, it's fine, mate. It's all good, man. I'll I'll just give it to my bird.

Jon: (looking confused) Your bird?

James: Yeah, she's really fit and stuff.

Jon: Right, okay, great.

Clare: (to Harry) I'm sorry, but, is he okay?

(Harry puts his arm around Philip.)

Harry: Philip's actually deaf.

Clare: Oh.

Philip: In one ear.

Clare: He's deaf in one ear?

Harry: (nodding) That's right.

Clare: Which ear?

Philip: That's actually a very inappropriate question.

Clare: Is it?

Harry: It is, yeah.

Another Protestant guy: (with Jenny's present) Oh, my God! This is the best present ever!

Jenny: Aw, you guys!

Dee: (holding his Rolos) Rolo, anyone?

Sister Michael: Okay, listen up people! According to this, you're going to need a well, they've used the term, 'buddy', for tomorrow's activities.

Michelle: I bagsy Harry! (she runs to Harry)

Erin: What? But that's not fair, he's the only good-looking one.

Dee: The rest of us are right here.

Michelle: You snooze, you lose, Erin.

(Michelle smiles at Harry. He looks awkward.)

Erin: (to Dee) I suppose I'll have you, then.

Dee: (offended) Aren't you a charmer?

James: (to Jon) So should us two bad bastards hook up, or what?

Jon: I'm sorry?

James: Um, will you be my buddy, please?

Jon: (looking confused) Sure.

(James smiles in embarrassment.)

Clare: Listen, Philip, about the whole 'which ear' thing

Philip: It's fine. I'll be your partner.

Clare: (excited) Ah, great! And, just to be clear, are you a fully blown Protestant?

Philip: Of course.

(Clare excitedly stands beside him.)

Orla: Sister Michael! I don't have a Protestant!

Sister Michael: Well, you'll just have to share with James.

James: What? No.

(Orla looks happy.)

Sister Michael: Look, there just aren't enough Protestants to go round.

(Orla bops Jon in the nose with James' teddy. James looks sad.)

(Sister Michael and Miss Taylor stand together, drinking tea.)

Miss Taylor: The mediator's here. He's one of your lot.

Sister Michael: (her face drops in dread) Not a priest?

(Miss Taylor nods. Sister Michael rolls her eyes in annoyance.)

Miss Taylor: Quite young. Southern. Bit of an arsehole, but oh my God amazing hair.

(Sister Michael stops drinking her tea in shock.)

Sister Michael: Oh, for feck's sake.