[Time lapse. Music is playing.]

(Erin stands awkwardly.)

Dee: I really like this one. Have you seen the video?

Erin: Okay, let's cut the crap, Dee.

Dee: Sorry?

Erin: You know why I'm here. But before we begin

Dee: Begin what?

Erin: I won't have as many moves as you. (shrugs) I just want to get that out there.

(Dee looks confused.)

Dee: I really don't know

Erin: I haven't put the hours in, and that's not because I'm lazy, it's just not part of our culture. But if you're okay with that, I say we just crack on.

(She gazes at him intensely. He looks confused.)

(Orla crunches crisps in Jon's ear. He looks uncomfortable.)

James: Fancy another beer, mate?

(Jon looks at him and says nothing.)

James: Christ but I just love beer. Don't you just love beer?

Jon: Yeah, beer is nice.

(James smiles ecstatically.)

James: I love beer and football and poker and, you know, tits.

Jon: (looking disgusted) Tits?

James: Can't get enough of them. Then again, I am a lad.

Orla: Yeah, he may be a lad, Jon, but I can offer you protection. (lowers voice) I have a hunting knife.

Jon: Right. Okay. (he quickly moves away from Orla.)

James: Wait, wait, wait, wait. Where are you going?

Jon: Nature's calling.

Orla: Woah! Number one or number two?

Jon: Excuse me?

Orla: Just answer the question, Jon.

Jon: I don't want to answer the question. I'm not comfortable with the question.

Orla: Cause if it's a number two, it's safer to bury it. You don't want a pack of wolves following your scent out in these parts. Those boys, they'll tear you limb from limb.

Jon: We're inside.

Orla: They have very sophisticated noses, Jon.

Jon: (looking terrified) I'm going to go now. (walks away)

James: (to Orla) Can't you let me have anything for myself?

Orla: No.

(Michelle and Harry are kissing on the bed. They stop. Michelle clears her throat.)

Michelle: (stroking his arm) Do you want to go somewhere a bit more private?

Harry: I'm not sure that's a good idea.

Michelle: Why not?

(Harry holds up his wrist to show her a bracelet.)

Michelle: What the fuck's that?

Clare: (talking to Philip) And I think the reason I was interested in whether you were a fully-blown Protestant is because as far as I'm concerned, you can't be Protestant enough. I am all for the Protestants. I can't get enough of them. Protestant mad, I am. And I think I may be running with this but I'm sure you really like Catholics too, it's just that we have been conditioned to

Philip: I don't.

Clare: What? You don't?

Philip: No. I hate them. I think they're all arseholes.

Clare: (looking offended) That's not true. That can't be true.

Philip: It is. And they're all thick as shit. I despise them. I really do.

Clare: (looking shocked) Okay.

Erin: (to Dee) So, how do you wanna do this? (she moves towards him flirtatiously) Do you wanna kick things off, or, should I? (she puts her arm around him)

Dee: Oh, my God. Are you coming on to me? Is that what this is?

(Erin moves back, looking upset.)

Dee: I thought you were having some sort of breakdown.

(Michelle grabs Erin and pulls her aside.)

Michelle: He's wearing a purity bracelet.

Erin: What does that mean?

Michelle: No down-below action, that's what it fucking means! We have to swap.

Erin: Swap?

Michelle: Yeah, we'll just swap over. You take Harry, I'll take Lee.

Erin: Dee.

Michelle: Whatever.

Erin: We can't do that.

Michelle: Why not? You fancied him first, and your lack of moves won't be an issue.

Erin: That is true.

Michelle: Aye.

(Jon runs in and slaps the door.)

Jon: She's coming!

Erin: Who?

Jon: (frantic) The woman. The small, angry penguin woman.

Clare: (gasps) Sister Michael!

Michelle: Shit!

(They all run around in a fluster, hiding drinks.)

(Sister Michael walks in with Jenny. They all try to look normal.)

Erin: Oh, good evening, Sister. We just popped round because we had a few questions about the British Empire, which the boys have cleared up for us now, so

Jenny: They weren't talking about the British Empire, Sister. They were having a party. I could hear the music.

Sister Michael: You will go far in life Jenny.

(Jenny smiles smugly.)

Sister Michael: But you will not be well liked. Honestly, girls! I need my eight hours, but I've had Mary Quinn on the phone frying my head and now this!

Erin: (worried) What? My mother rang? Why? Is everything okay?

Sister Michael: Oh, she was very distressed. She wanted me to pass on a message.

Erin: And are you gonna?

Sister Michael: (sighs and rolls her eyes) Oh, fine. (she takes out a piece of paper) Uh, 'Erin, I need some information. Can you find out in a subtle way if Michelle's mother was given the big bowl by someone she has since fallen out with, and if she can no longer bring herself to look at the big bowl because it's just too painful? All the best, your mother, Mary.'

Erin: (turning to Michelle) Well?

Michelle: (shrugs) No.

Sister Michael: Shift it. Let's go. Come on. Quick.

(Erin, Michelle, Clare, James and Orla walk out of the room. Jenny looks satisfied.)

Sister Michael: Jenny.

(Jenny's smile fades and she follows.)