[In the room with the dead body. Erin and Orla stare down at the body.]

Orla: She really suits being dead, doesn't she?

Erin: What?

(Clare opens the door.)

Clare: (whispering) Can we come in?

(Michelle and James peer in behind Clare.)

Erin: Why are you whispering?

Clare: (whispering) I don't know.

(Clare, Michelle and James walk into the room.)

Erin: Thanks for coming, guys. It's nice to have a bit of support at this very difficult time.

Michelle: You thought she was a dick.

Erin: I never said that!

Orla: You did, Erin.

Clare: Aye, I definitely heard you say it!

James: (looking stressed) Okay, can I just check something? Everybody else can see the dead body, right?

Erin: It's just Bridie!

(Orla gazes at the dead body lovingly.)

James: It's Bridie's corpse. It's Bridie's dead corpse.

Michelle: It's her wake. What were you expecting?

Erin: Haven't you ever seen a dead body before?

James: Of course not!

Michelle: (scoffs) Christ, but the English are weird.

Orla: You can touch her if you want.

James: Why the hell would I want to touch her?!

Orla: It's nice.

(James looks disturbed.)

James: Stop it!

Clare: It's just a dead body, James. We're all going to be one someday.

James: (sarcastic) Oh, thanks for that, Clare. Yeah, that's helped.

Michelle: It really makes you think, doesn't it? Death. It just It makes you want to do everything, and just, like, try everything.

Clare: What's going on, Michelle?

Michelle: Do yous want to see something class? (opens her bag)

(Orla stares intensely at the bag.)

Clare: What is it?

Michelle: Prepare yourself, girls.

(Michelle opens a box of scones and shows the others.)

Erin: Scones.

Michelle: That's right.

Erin: What's so class about scones?

Orla: (smiling) Scones are lovely.

Clare: Aye, I like scones.

Michelle: These aren't any old scones, girls. These are funny scones.

Orla: Aye, they do look like good craic, in fairness.

Erin: Funny scones?

Clare: (frantic) They're drug scones! She's put the drugs in the scones!

Michelle: Too fucking right, I have! I wanted to do brownies but this was the only recipe my Ma had, so

Clare: We talked about this, Michelle. We agreed!

Michelle: No, we didn't. Anyway, drugs aren't illegal when you put them into food. Everybody knows that.

James: Is that right? I'm not sure that's right.

(Erin looks at the scones indecisively.)

(Old woman walks into the room.)

Old woman: Any cups up here?

(Michelle looks worried.)

Old woman: I'll take that.

(She takes the weed scones and walks out of the room with them.)

Michelle: What the fuck just happened?!