[Door opens.]

Erin: Shit!

(They start stuffing food into their mouths and clearing wrappers.)

Gerry: My money's on Alec Baldwin's brother.

Mary: It's Gabriel Byrne. I'm telling you.

Granda Joe: The fella with the bad leg said it wasn't, Mary.

Mary: The fella with the bad leg's covering for him, Da!

(Erin looks guilty as she chews a mouthful of junk food.)

Mary: Sweet Jesus!

Erin: (mouth full) Mammy, we can explain.

Mary: (devastated) Not the Christmas cupboard?

Sarah:  They've had the very Tunnock's, Mary.

(Clare looks terrified.)

Mary: Animals, the lot of you!

Erin: We needed energy for our poetry.

Mary: I'll give you energy for your poetry!

Clare: (shaking and panicking) We were just gonna take a handful of chocolate money, Mary, but then one thing led to another.

Mary: What am I supposed to do? I'll have to start from scratch now. And December's only round the corner.

Gerry: It's eight months away, love.

(Mary glares at Gerry.)

Granda Joe: (to Gerry) This suits you, doesn't it?

Gerry: I'm sorry?

Granda Joe: I've seen you eyeing up that Christmas cupboard! You hoked about in there long before the wains did. I'll stake my life on it.

Gerry: That is simply not true.

Mary: Let's just salvage what we can.

Sarah: (lifting the Snowballs) There's only a couple of Snowballs left, Mary.

(Mary looks appalled.)

Sarah: It's been an absolute free-for-all.

Mary: Your mothers will be hearing about this.

Michelle: Aw, for f

Sarah: What got into you, girls? You know you don't touch the Christmas cupboard.

Erin: We're stressed! Our new English teacher made us rip up all our poems and redo them in one night.

Granda Joe: Who is this blow-in?

Michelle: Her name's Ms. De Brn. She's a bit of a bitch but, cracking eyeliner.

Sarah: Winged or smudged?

Michelle: Sort of both.

Sarah: Interesting.

Mary: She ripped up your poems?

Erin: She said we weren't writing from the soul.

Mary: Well why in under God weren't you writing from the soul?!

Erin: Seriously?