[In the Quinn living room.]

Mary: How long are we supposed to go on like this, Gerry?

(Gerry is on the floor behind the TV as Mary and Sarah watch him.)

Gerry: I am trying my best.

Mary: We've already missed Coronation Street.

Gerry: Well, every cloud, as they say.

Mary: I've warned you before, Gerry. You say another bad word about Coronation Street and you may leave this house and never return!

Sarah: And you'd have my full backing on that, Mary.

Mary: God only knows what else we've missed.

Gerry: We won't have missed anything!

(The TV comes on.)

Gerry: Yes!

News reporter: And tonight's main story again. A historic evening for Northern Ireland. As of midnight tonight, after twenty-five years the IRA have called a ceasefire. In a statement released earlier this evening, they said there would be a complete cessation of all military operations.

Mary: (to Gerry) What did I tell you?

Sarah: Aye, well done Gerry.

(Gerry is speechless.)

Aisling: And our prom queen is... Jenny Joyce!

(Jenny looks shocked and excited as the girls begin to panic.)

Clare: We have to do something!

(Jenny walks onto the stage and Aisling crowns her.)

Jenny: Thank you so much.

(The rope creaks.)

Erin: Quick!

Jenny: I'd just like to say a few words. Firstly, this is such an honour.

Clare: (backstage with Mae) Mae! Stop!

Mae: Piss off, Clare!

(Clare jumps in and grabs the rope from Mae. Mae fights for the rope. Erin, James and Michelle run onstage.)

Erin: (cutting Jenny off) Lovely words, Jenny, well done!

(The girls try to push Jenny out of the way but Jenny won't move.)

Michelle: Come on, Jenny. Don't milk it, now.

Aisling: Get off her! What is this?

(Mae and Clare continue fighting over the rope.)

Mae: Bite my eye! Traitor!

James: (to Jenny) Have you ever seen Carrie?

(Mae and Clare lose their grip on the rope. Tomato juice pours over Jenny, Erin, Michelle, James and Aisling. The crowd gasps.)

Erin: It's pig's blood. It's pig's blood!

James: No, I think it's tomato juice.

Michelle: What the fuck am I supposed to do?! (gesturing to her dress) They'll never take this back now!

Jenny: Why would you do this?

Erin: It wasn't us! This wasn't us!

Aisling: Yeah, right.

(Jenny starts fighting with Erin. Michelle starts fighting with Aisling. Granda Joe and Orla watch as they eat popcorn. Clare and Mae continue to fight backstage.)