[Time lapse.]

(Granda Joe is eating a scone.)

(The kids sit on the stairs.)

Clare: What are we going to do? What in under God are we gonna do?!

Michelle: It's fine.

Clare: It's definitely not fine! There's drug scones down there! If people eat the drug scones then we'll have drugged those people, Michelle!

Michelle: So? Drugging people isn't a crime.

James: You've a very loose grasp of the law, Michelle.

Erin: What kind of person brings hash scones to a wake?

Michelle: Typical. I try and do a nice thing and this is the thanks I get.

Clare: It's terrible. There's old people down there. What if an old person takes one?!

Michelle: Why does everybody get so sentimental about old people?! Old people are arseholes!

Erin: We have to get them back.

Michelle: Look, I'm not disagreeing with you. I bought that stuff so I could get high, not your great uncle Colm.

Erin: Christ, can you imagine?

Orla: Hold on a minute, where did the scones go?

Erin: Okay. I'll head for the kitchen and grab whatever's still there. The rest of you look out for any ones that have gone rogue. And remember be subtle.

(Orla pats her trousers, looking for scones.)

(They all walk down the stairs and start mingling.)

Orla: (to an old woman) I need to take your scone.

Clare: (to Sister Michael) The thing is, I just have so many questions about God, about life after death.

Sister Michael: (rolling her eyes) Go away please. (raises scone to her mouth)

Clare: And I try to silence my doubts, I really do, but lately

Sister Michael: I don't believe it.

Old woman: (to Orla) Why?

Orla: (lifts her finger to the old woman's lips) I'm not allowed to say.

Old woman: Okay.

(Orla happily takes the scone and walks away.)

Clare: (to Sister Michael) What's wrong, Sister?

Sister Michael: (sniffing the scone) Are these cinnamon?

Clare: Do you like cinnamon?

Sister Michael: (shaking her head and putting the scone down) I can't be doing with cinnamon.

Clare: Then, that's what they are! Absolutely! 100%!

(Clare grabs Sister Michael's scone and runs away.)