SEASON 2EPISODE 1

[Views of Irish countryside. Erin is narrating.]

Erin: That summer was a remarkable one. It was the summer we dared to dream. For generations, we'd known nothing but violence. Nothing but hatred. But finally we were saying 'enough is enough'. Finally we were saying, 'let's give peace a chance.'

[In the Quinn bathroom. Erin is in the bath, talking to herself.]

(Orla opens the door.)

Orla: She's up here!

Erin: Jesus Christ!

Orla: She's pretending she's on Parkinson again.

Mary: (from downstairs) Parkinson?! Does she know what time it is?! I'll Parkinson her! I've enough on my plate without Parkinson!

Erin: Close the door!

(Orla walks in, and closes the door.)

Erin: No Orla. Leave, then close the door.

(Orla looks offended. She leaves and closes the door.)

Erin: (shouting) And it was Wogan, for your information!

[In the Quinn kitchen. Erin is wearing a 'Friends Across the Barricade' t-shirt. Clare sits at the table.]

Mary: And for the love of God, don't forget your waterproof trousers. (she hands Erin her trousers) They nearly bloody bankrupted us. Do the Protestants have to bring waterproof trousers? Or will the Catholics be expected to do all the dirty work?

(Sarah smokes.)

Erin: What dirty work? It's an outdoor pursuits weekend.

Mary: I thought you said you were building bridges?

Erin: Not real bridges, Mammy. Metaphorical bridges.

Mary: Then why can't you wear metaphorical trousers?

Sarah: (to Clare) Will any of your crowd be going, love?

Clare: My crowd?

Sarah: Or can you not get Protestant lesbians?

Clare: Naw, I think you can get them all right. It's just-

Granda Joe: I heard that K.D. Lang on the radio yesterday. Christ, but she's got some set of pipes on her. You're very talented people.

Clare: Thank you?

(Orla walks in, dressed in camo, carrying a torch.)

Orla: Has anyone seen my bow and arrow?

Sarah: Orla really thrives in the wild, you know. That time we went camping in Portsalon, sure, she was like Mowgli running around them woods. She was that happy, Mary, I honestly thought about just leaving her there.

Orla: (smiling and shining the torch around the room) Ach, Mammy.

(Joe is watching TV.)

TV: Because of government restrictions, we cannot broadcast the voice of Mr. Adams. His words are spoken by an actor.

Gerry: I will never understand the point of it.

Granda Joe: I'll never understand the point of you.

Gerry: Grand so.

(Doorbell rings.)

Erin: I'll go.

(Gerry sits down to watch TV with Joe. Erin walks to the door.)

Sarah: (walking over to the TV) It's because his actual voice is actually very seductive. Apparently, he sounds like a West Belfast Bond. As far as the English are concerned, a voice like that, well, it's dangerous.

Gerry: Just so I'm clear, are you saying that the British government dub the voice of Gerry Adams because it's too sexy?

Granda Joe: It's like a fine whiskey. And I have that on good authority, boy.

Gerry: Okay.

(Michelle and James stand at the front door.)

Michelle: (smiling) Fuck-a-doodle-doo.

James: Hi.

(Erin walks in and Michelle and James follow.)

Michelle: Bet that's what he said when he was nabbed.

Erin: When who got nabbed?

Michelle: Have yous not heard? You know your man? Floppy hair, English, he's all 'fuck-a-doodle this', 'fuck-a-doodle that'. He's flat out going to weddings with his mates until one of them, the fat, beardy one in the skirt, until he croaks it and they're all, 'We need to show this man a bit of respect here, let's stop all the clocks'. 

(Silence.)

Michelle: He goes with your woman. Do you know her? She's a total ride, but she paperclips her frocks together. Well, he was caught getting down and dirty with some hooker in the back of his BMW. (she picks up a piece of toast) Dark horse, or what?

Mary: Good morning, Michelle.

Michelle: I am buzzing for this weekend. Them waterproof trousers do wonders for my hole.

James: Mine are pink. They're bright pink.

Michelle: They were two for one, James. Stop crying.

Mary: (shocked) Two for one? Where?

Michelle: Kay's catalogue. Oh, and me mammy said to tell you

Mary: Her big bowl. I know, I know, I keep forgetting. I'll drop it round today.

Michelle: No, she says to hang onto it.

(Mary turns in shock.)

Mary: What? She doesn't want her big bowl back? But why? There's nothing wrong with that bowl.

Sarah: Sure, I was admiring that bowl only yesterday.

Granda Joe: It's a grand bowl.

Michelle: I'm just the messenger, folks.

Sarah: Right.

Erin: We need to shift ourselves.

(They all get up with their bags.)

Mary: Listen, wains, I've already said this to Erin.

Erin: Mammy, please!

Mary: No funny business with these Protestant lads. Is that clear? I don't want anybody landing back here pregnant.

James: Not very likely in my case. (he laughs)

Granda Joe: Well, I wouldn't rule it out son.

Mary: Teenage boys can be very convincing, Erin. (she hands her a sandwich) I remember your father at that age and

Erin: End that sentence now.

Gerry: Yes. Please do.

Granda Joe: Creep.

Erin: We're not doing this to get off with Protestant boys, Mammy. We're doing this to reach across the divide.

Mary: (to Michelle) Did your mother get a new big bowl?

Michelle: I don't think so.

Erin: We're doing this for peace.

Mary: All right, Erin! No need to make a big song and dance about it.

(The kids all walk out.)

[On the street. The kids walk with their bags.]

Michelle: We're doing it for peace, all right, Mary. A piece of that fine Protestant ass!

(Erin and Michelle high-five excitedly.)

Clare: (disgusted) God, you are such a hypocrite, Erin.

Erin: No, I'm not. I just don't think there's anything wrong with some cross-community

Michelle: Fiddling.

Erin: Relations.

Orla: (looking at a map) So we need to head south-east for 0.5 miles and you'll receive further instructions shortly.

Erin: We haven't even left the estate yet, Orla.

Michelle: These Prods have some serious moves up their sleeves, you know. They're not as fucked up about sex as we are. They've put the work in. They know what they're doing.

Clare: They're people, Michelle. They're not sex toys.

Michelle: I beg to differ.

James: I'm really looking forward to making friends with some lads. (smiling)

Michelle: Lads aren't going to make friends with you, James. Lads make friends with other lads.

James: I am a lad.

Erin: Aye, so you are, James.

Clare: (taking money out of her pocket) Okay, how much money do we have?

Michelle: Look, the riding of the Protestants is one thing, but I don't see why we have to buy them a present. I mean they already have all the land, all the jobs and all the fucking rights.

Erin: Aye, Michelle. That's definitely the attitude we should have entering into this weekend.

[In Dennis' Wee Shop.]

Dennis: A present for Protestants.

(They all stare back at him. Clare, Erin and Michelle are all eating sweets.)

Dennis: Ah, now, my next Protestant gift delivery isn't due to arrive until Wednesday, and as it stands I'm completely out of stock, what with there being such a high fucking demand for that sort of thing around these parts.

Orla: (turning to the others) That's a shame.

Clare: (enthusiastically pointing) How much for the Subbuteo, Dennis?

Dennis: We'll call it sixteen quid.

(James looks shocked.)

James: Could we call it 1.76?

Dennis: No, we fucking couldn't.

Erin: How about, we give you the 1.76 and pay the rest off in instalments?

Clare: Yeah, which would be what? 3.56 over four weeks?

Dennis: Jesus, check out Rain Wain.

Erin: Or, you could give us the Subbuteo and then we work off the debt?

Clare: (sucking on sweet) Yeah, we could do chores and stuff.

Dennis: Chores? What do you think this is? Little House on the Fucking Prairie?

Orla: (smiling) Do you watch Little House on the Prairie, Dennis?

Dennis: (suddenly furious) Get out!

(The kids look taken aback as they walk out.)

[On a road. The kids are walking.]

Clare: Come on girls, this is embarrassing!

Michelle: Well, it's all right for you Clare, but we want to buck these lads. We have to offer them some kind of incentive.

Clare: They're not prostitutes, Michelle! And even if they were, I think a half-eaten packet of Rolos and an Ulster Bank key ring is a pretty insulting form of payment.

James: (smiling and holding up a pencil) I have a HB pencil!

Michelle: (taking the pencil) Happy days.

(Jenny and Aisling appear, holding a large present wrapped carefully.)

Jenny: Hi, guys!

Erin: That's not That's not what you're giving to the Protestants, is it?

Jenny: It's just a little token, really.

Orla: Yeah. So's ours.

Aisling: Is that an Ulster Bank key ring?

Erin: It is indeed, yep.

Jenny: I must admit, I had a bit of an advantage when it came to the whole present buying thing, because

Michelle: You're loaded.

Jenny: Because I know what they like. (smiling smugly) I happen to be very good friends with a half-Protestant.

Clare: What?

Michelle: They don't come in halves, Jenny.

Jenny: They do actually. I met her at ballet class. Her name's zara, and she has a horse.

Erin: Good for zara. Bye bye now.

(They all walk away from Jenny and Aisling.)

Clare: (annoyed) Of course she's friends with a half-Protestant! Of course she is!

Michelle: She has been fucking unbearable since them braces came off.

Erin: Dose.

Clare: (frantically) Well, I'm going to make friends with a full Protestant! See how she likes it. zara won't seem quite so impressive next to my thorough-bred, will she Jenny?!

Erin: Relax, Clare.

Michelle: Why has she got so much money, anyway? Who's her da? Pierce fucking Brosnan?

Erin: He's a surgeon over at Altnagelvin. He took Orla's tonsils out. (climbs into bus)

Orla: And not a day goes by when I don't think about them.

[On the road, in the bus.]

All: Give peace a chance! Give peace a chance! Give peace a chance! Give peace a chance!

[Getting off the bus.]

Jenny and Aisling: No hate! No hate! Let's integrate!

(Sister Michael steps out.)

Sister Michael: Kill me.

(The Protestant bus drives in.)

Michelle: (smiling) The Prods have landed!

(Everyone looks excited. The headmistress and the Protestant boys start stepping out.)

Miss Taylor: Single file!

(The boys line up outside the bus.)

Sister Michael: (walking over to headmistress) You must be Miss Taylor?

Miss Taylor: That's right. Well, Janet.

Sister Michael: Michael. Sister Michael.

(They shake hands coldly.)

Miss Taylor: It's a pleasure.

Sister Michael: I know.

Miss Taylor: (to the Protestants) Move it.

Sister Michael: (to the Catholics) Shift it.

(The kids all start walking inside the building.)

Miss Taylor: Why's everyone so desperate for them to mix? I think we should keep them separate.

Sister Michael: (looking impressed) I think we should keep them in cages.

(They exchange evil smirks.)

[Inside the building.]

Sister Michael: So, our Lady Immaculate girls have been split into groups, A through to F, as have the Londonderry Boys Academy.

(Erin and Michelle glance towards the boys.)

Miss Taylor: We'd like As to find As, Bs to find Bs, et cetera, and so on. It's very straightforward. However, if that isn't clear, feel free to say so.

Sister Michael: But know that you will be judged.

[Time lapse. The kids have found their partners.]

Erin: (holding a teddy bear) Ach, lads, you really shouldn't have.

Dee: (holding gift bag) I'm starting to see that all right.

(James smiles at his teddy bear.)

Michelle: (holding a teddy) I'm going to keep mine on my bed, where I sleep, in me knickers. (flirtatiously stares at Harry)

Harry: Right.

Dee: (holding Ulster Bank keyring) I mean, these are free for a start. My dad has, like, forty-five of them.

(James looks elated with his teddy bear.)

Jon: We were told it was an all girls school. You've been a bit short changed there.

James: Nah, it's fine, mate. It's all good, man. I'll I'll just give it to my bird.

Jon: (looking confused) Your bird?

James: Yeah, she's really fit and stuff.

Jon: Right, okay, great.

Clare: (to Harry) I'm sorry, but, is he okay?

(Harry puts his arm around Philip.)

Harry: Philip's actually deaf.

Clare: Oh.

Philip: In one ear.

Clare: He's deaf in one ear?

Harry: (nodding) That's right.

Clare: Which ear?

Philip: That's actually a very inappropriate question.

Clare: Is it?

Harry: It is, yeah.

Another Protestant guy: (with Jenny's present) Oh, my God! This is the best present ever!

Jenny: Aw, you guys!

Dee: (holding his Rolos) Rolo, anyone?

Sister Michael: Okay, listen up people! According to this, you're going to need a well, they've used the term, 'buddy', for tomorrow's activities.

Michelle: I bagsy Harry! (she runs to Harry)

Erin: What? But that's not fair, he's the only good-looking one.

Dee: The rest of us are right here.

Michelle: You snooze, you lose, Erin.

(Michelle smiles at Harry. He looks awkward.)

Erin: (to Dee) I suppose I'll have you, then.

Dee: (offended) Aren't you a charmer?

James: (to Jon) So should us two bad bastards hook up, or what?

Jon: I'm sorry?

James: Um, will you be my buddy, please?

Jon: (looking confused) Sure.

(James smiles in embarrassment.)

Clare: Listen, Philip, about the whole 'which ear' thing

Philip: It's fine. I'll be your partner.

Clare: (excited) Ah, great! And, just to be clear, are you a fully blown Protestant?

Philip: Of course.

(Clare excitedly stands beside him.)

Orla: Sister Michael! I don't have a Protestant!

Sister Michael: Well, you'll just have to share with James.

James: What? No.

(Orla looks happy.)

Sister Michael: Look, there just aren't enough Protestants to go round.

(Orla bops Jon in the nose with James' teddy. James looks sad.)

(Sister Michael and Miss Taylor stand together, drinking tea.)

Miss Taylor: The mediator's here. He's one of your lot.

Sister Michael: (her face drops in dread) Not a priest?

(Miss Taylor nods. Sister Michael rolls her eyes in annoyance.)

Miss Taylor: Quite young. Southern. Bit of an arsehole, but oh my God amazing hair.

(Sister Michael stops drinking her tea in shock.)

Sister Michael: Oh, for feck's sake.

[Time lapse. Father Peter has arrived.]

(Father Peter slicks his hair back with his hand, in slow motion.)

Father Peter: Okay, so I see a few familiar faces out there. As some of you may know, I took a bit of a sabbatical last year.

Michelle: Do you mean when you shacked up with a slutty hairdresser, but then she dumped you?

Sister Michael: Miss Mallon, please! Raise your hand if you want to ask a question.

(Michelle raises her hand.)

Father Peter: Okay, I think we should just move on.

Sister Michael: The hairdresser certainly did.

Father Peter: Okay, so this is just a little exercise I like to kick off with.

(Sister Michael sighs and lies back in her seat.)

Sister Michael: Ah, give me strength!

Father Peter: I want you guys to give me examples of things that Catholics and Protestants have in common, and things that they don't have in common. Let's start with the similarities. Erin, why don't you get the ball rolling?

Erin: Okay. So, we both Right So, we all God, this is actually quite hard.

Father Peter: Anything at all, a small thing, even.

Erin: Okay, so Right. (laughs) God, I'm actually drawing a blank here, to be honest. (shakes her head)

Father Peter: Not to worry. Someone else? A similarity. Yes?

Philip: (his hand is raised) Protestants are British and Catholics are Irish.

Father Peter: So, that's actually a difference. Quite a Quite a big difference.

(Clare looks confused.)

Father Peter: But that's okay. We can write that down.

(Jenny writes it down in differences.)

Father Peter: Now, back to similarities. Yes?

Michelle: (hand raised) Protestants are richer.

Father Peter: Okay, so that's another difference. And I'm not sure that's actually I mean, is that true?

Sister Michael: (nodding) I would say so.

Miss Taylor: Mmm, yeah, I suppose that's fair enough.

(Jon raises his hand.)

Father Peter: Yes, off you go.

Jon: Catholics really buzz off statues and we don't so much.

(Orla hugs the teddy she stole from James. She nods.)

Sister Michael: I do enjoy a good statue, it has to be said.

Father Peter: So again, what we have there is a difference.

Orla: (raising her hand) Ohh! Protestants like to march and Catholics like to walk.

Father Peter: Okay, can we just Jenny, can you just? Oh you've already written it down, have you?

(Jenny nods.)

Father Peter: Great. Thank you, Jenny.

(Sister Michael smirks softly.)

Father Peter: I just want to pause and think about what's in here. (points at his heart)

(Everyone looks confused.)

Father Peter: What about the fact that we all feel, and love, and hope, and Write this down. We all cry. We all laugh. We all dream.

(Aisling hesitates awkwardly, and doesn't write anything.)

Father Peter: So I just want to think along those lines, for a moment. Okay?

Protestant boy: Catholics watch RTE!

Catholic girl: Protestants love cleaning!

Michelle: Protestants are taller!

Dee: Catholics have more freckles!

(Father Peter looks exhausted.)

Orla: Protestants hate Abba!

(Jenny has filled the board with differences.)

Father Peter: Okay, let me just rephrase slightly.

(Aisling's board of similarities is empty.)

Father Peter: Can you think of anything that unites every single person in this room?

(Silence.)

Father Peter: Is there anything that we all want?

Sister Michael: (bored) For this to be over.

Father Peter: And we'll wrap it up there.

[Night time. Michelle, Erin, Clare, James and Orla sneak out of their room in their pyjamas.]

Erin: I'm not sure about this.

Michelle: I knew you'd fanny out!

Erin: These lads have moves. You said so yourself, Michelle. And I haven't got any moves!

(They walk up the stairs.)

Michelle: Look, let's just get in there, have a few drinks, and just loosen up a bit.

Clare: No! No loosening up! I don't like it!

James: Just be confident, Erin. Boys like that.

Michelle: How the fuck would you know what boys like?

James: Cause I'm a boy, Michelle. I'm a real live boy.

Orla: Aw, yeah, like Pinocchio.

(They reach the boys' door.)

Michelle: (touching Erin's hair) Listen be sexy, okay?

Erin: Sexy, right.

(Erin leans against the wall and pouts.)

Michelle: I said be sexy, not be a fucking blowfish, Erin.

(Erin looks offended and tries to be sexy again. Michelle knocks.)

(Jon opens the door, looking confused.)

James: Hello, mate.

Michelle: We heard you boys are having a party.

Jon: No?

Michelle: Well yous are now.

(They all walk into the room. Orla stares at Jon close to his face. He looks scared.)

[Time lapse. Music is playing.]

(Erin stands awkwardly.)

Dee: I really like this one. Have you seen the video?

Erin: Okay, let's cut the crap, Dee.

Dee: Sorry?

Erin: You know why I'm here. But before we begin

Dee: Begin what?

Erin: I won't have as many moves as you. (shrugs) I just want to get that out there.

(Dee looks confused.)

Dee: I really don't know

Erin: I haven't put the hours in, and that's not because I'm lazy, it's just not part of our culture. But if you're okay with that, I say we just crack on.

(She gazes at him intensely. He looks confused.)

(Orla crunches crisps in Jon's ear. He looks uncomfortable.)

James: Fancy another beer, mate?

(Jon looks at him and says nothing.)

James: Christ but I just love beer. Don't you just love beer?

Jon: Yeah, beer is nice.

(James smiles ecstatically.)

James: I love beer and football and poker and, you know, tits.

Jon: (looking disgusted) Tits?

James: Can't get enough of them. Then again, I am a lad.

Orla: Yeah, he may be a lad, Jon, but I can offer you protection. (lowers voice) I have a hunting knife.

Jon: Right. Okay. (he quickly moves away from Orla.)

James: Wait, wait, wait, wait. Where are you going?

Jon: Nature's calling.

Orla: Woah! Number one or number two?

Jon: Excuse me?

Orla: Just answer the question, Jon.

Jon: I don't want to answer the question. I'm not comfortable with the question.

Orla: Cause if it's a number two, it's safer to bury it. You don't want a pack of wolves following your scent out in these parts. Those boys, they'll tear you limb from limb.

Jon: We're inside.

Orla: They have very sophisticated noses, Jon.

Jon: (looking terrified) I'm going to go now. (walks away)

James: (to Orla) Can't you let me have anything for myself?

Orla: No.

(Michelle and Harry are kissing on the bed. They stop. Michelle clears her throat.)

Michelle: (stroking his arm) Do you want to go somewhere a bit more private?

Harry: I'm not sure that's a good idea.

Michelle: Why not?

(Harry holds up his wrist to show her a bracelet.)

Michelle: What the fuck's that?

Clare: (talking to Philip) And I think the reason I was interested in whether you were a fully-blown Protestant is because as far as I'm concerned, you can't be Protestant enough. I am all for the Protestants. I can't get enough of them. Protestant mad, I am. And I think I may be running with this but I'm sure you really like Catholics too, it's just that we have been conditioned to

Philip: I don't.

Clare: What? You don't?

Philip: No. I hate them. I think they're all arseholes.

Clare: (looking offended) That's not true. That can't be true.

Philip: It is. And they're all thick as shit. I despise them. I really do.

Clare: (looking shocked) Okay.

Erin: (to Dee) So, how do you wanna do this? (she moves towards him flirtatiously) Do you wanna kick things off, or, should I? (she puts her arm around him)

Dee: Oh, my God. Are you coming on to me? Is that what this is?

(Erin moves back, looking upset.)

Dee: I thought you were having some sort of breakdown.

(Michelle grabs Erin and pulls her aside.)

Michelle: He's wearing a purity bracelet.

Erin: What does that mean?

Michelle: No down-below action, that's what it fucking means! We have to swap.

Erin: Swap?

Michelle: Yeah, we'll just swap over. You take Harry, I'll take Lee.

Erin: Dee.

Michelle: Whatever.

Erin: We can't do that.

Michelle: Why not? You fancied him first, and your lack of moves won't be an issue.

Erin: That is true.

Michelle: Aye.

(Jon runs in and slaps the door.)

Jon: She's coming!

Erin: Who?

Jon: (frantic) The woman. The small, angry penguin woman.

Clare: (gasps) Sister Michael!

Michelle: Shit!

(They all run around in a fluster, hiding drinks.)

(Sister Michael walks in with Jenny. They all try to look normal.)

Erin: Oh, good evening, Sister. We just popped round because we had a few questions about the British Empire, which the boys have cleared up for us now, so

Jenny: They weren't talking about the British Empire, Sister. They were having a party. I could hear the music.

Sister Michael: You will go far in life Jenny.

(Jenny smiles smugly.)

Sister Michael: But you will not be well liked. Honestly, girls! I need my eight hours, but I've had Mary Quinn on the phone frying my head and now this!

Erin: (worried) What? My mother rang? Why? Is everything okay?

Sister Michael: Oh, she was very distressed. She wanted me to pass on a message.

Erin: And are you gonna?

Sister Michael: (sighs and rolls her eyes) Oh, fine. (she takes out a piece of paper) Uh, 'Erin, I need some information. Can you find out in a subtle way if Michelle's mother was given the big bowl by someone she has since fallen out with, and if she can no longer bring herself to look at the big bowl because it's just too painful? All the best, your mother, Mary.'

Erin: (turning to Michelle) Well?

Michelle: (shrugs) No.

Sister Michael: Shift it. Let's go. Come on. Quick.

(Erin, Michelle, Clare, James and Orla walk out of the room. Jenny looks satisfied.)

Sister Michael: Jenny.

(Jenny's smile fades and she follows.)

[The next day, on a hill in a field.]

Erin: (to Michelle) What's wrong with Clare? She hasn't said two words since last night.

Michelle: Well, I'm not complaining.

(Orla is clutching onto Jon. James is wearing his pink waterproof trousers.)

James: I just did it for a laugh. The trousers. I'll do anything for a laugh, me. I'm mad like that.

(Orla shoves James.)

Jon: Right.

Michelle: All right, there they are.

Erin: Okay, if we're gonna do this, Michelle, we need to do it delicately.

Michelle: Of course. Oi! Lads! We want to swap!

Erin: (annoyed) Brilliant!

Dee: Swap?

Michelle: Yeah. Erin's gonna have Harry now and I'm gonna have you, all right?

(They say nothing.)

Michelle: Great stuff. (gives thumbs up)

[Beside rocks.]

Father Peter: I think we all can agree that for generations there's been a deep lack of trust between your communities. And that's where abseiling comes in.

Sister Michael: (rolling her eyes) Jesus Christ.

Father Peter: Abseiling is a great trust-building exercise, because what you're doing is, you're saying to your buddy, 'lean on me, I'm here for you.' Now, let me see who's first. Ah, Clare. Clare Devlin, there you are.

Clare: Ah, I'm not sure about this.

Michelle: (pushing Clare) You'll be grand.

Clare: No, listen, you don't understand.

Father Peter: Now, where's your buddy?

(Philip raises his hand.)

Father Peter: Good man, yourself. Come on up.

(Clare looks terrified. Philip walks towards her.)

[On top of the mountain.]

Father Peter: Philip will control Clare's descent, by feeding her rope through what's known as a belay device. So he'll be the one actually dictating the speed of her drop.

Clare: I think if it's okay, I'd just like to take a moment, and just

(The man pushes her backwards. She screams.)

Clare: Jesus! Ahhhh! Ahhhh!

Father Peter: Are you ready, Philip?

Philip: Ohh, yeah. (he smiles down at Clare)

(Clare shakes her head in terror and whimpers.)

Father Peter: Okay, so, on three.

Clare: Seriously, folks, I'm not feeling entirely comfortable with this!

(Philip smiles.)

Father Peter: One two

(Clare screams.)

Father Peter: Three.

(Philip begins feeding the rope through. Clare drops suddenly. She screams.)

Clare: Stop! Stop it! Get me out of here! He's trying to kill me!

(Michelle looks entertained. Erin looks worried.)

Clare: He wants to kill us all! All of the Catholics!

(Philip looks confused.)

Clare: Look at his eyes, he's a madman! A Fenian-hating madman!

(Everyone looks up at her in confusion.)

Clare: Don't let the Jaffa bastard hurt me! Please!

(Michelle laughs.)

Erin: Jesus, Clare!

Michelle: Fuck-a-doodle-doo!

Clare: He said he hated us!

Philip: No, I didn't.

Clare: Last night, you said you hated Catholics! Admit it!

Philip: I said I hated athletes! I'm not much of a sports fan.

Clare: But we weren't even talking about athletes!

Philip: Yeah, well, I thought we were.

Clare: Why would you have thought we were talking about athletes?!

Philip: Because, I'm deaf in one ear!

(Clare pauses suddenly and realises her mistake.)

Michelle: Catholics sounds a bit like athletes, to be fair to him, like!

(Everyone mutters in agreement.)

Dee: They're all arseholes.

Erin: What's that supposed to mean?

Harry: You tried to swap us.

Dee: Because all Protestants are the same? Aren't they, girls?

Michelle: Yes.

Erin: No!

Jon: (turning to James) And this guy's really creepy, and a bit sort of sexist. (turning to Orla) And she carries a knife and makes people bury their own excrement.

(Orla nods in agreement.)

Protestant boy: Fucking Catholics.

Michelle: Who said that?!

Erin: Who?!

(They all start fighting. Sister Mary and Miss Taylor drink their tea peacefully.)

Miss Taylor: Should we break it up?

Father Peter: (people grabbing his hair) Don't touch the hair! Don't touch the hair!

Sister Michael: Let's leave it a minute. (she eats a biscuit)

[Outside the building. The parents have arrived.]

Mary: I just cannot get my head around it.

Gerry: For the love of God, Mary, it's only a bowl.

Mary: Who just gives away their big bowl, Gerry? It doesn't make sense.

Granda Joe: Aye, she's definitely up to something, love.

Sarah: I have always said that Deidre Mallon was a bit fly.

Granda Joe: I'd confront her about it.

Mary: Oh, I intend to.

Gerry: Great. Do that. Then maybe we can lay the whole bloody thing to rest.

Granda Joe: Take that tone with her again and I'll lay you to rest, boyo!

[Inside the building. The kids all sit in a circle with their parents.]

Gerry: (to Clare's mum) Do you know what this is about, Geraldine?

Geraldine: As far as I can make out, these lads tried to throw my Clare off a cliff.

Gerry: Desperate.

(Deidre walks in.)

Deidre: You all right, Mary? How's the big bowl working out for you?

Mary: Great. Great. Thanks very much, Deidre.

Gerry: Well, that got to the bottom of it, all right.

(Mary glares at him. Joe glares at him.)

Father Peter: Is that everyone? Lovely stuff.

(Sister Michael and Miss Taylor look annoyed, with their arms crossed. Sister Michael has her back to Peter.)

Father Peter: Okay, so, there was a bit of a misunderstanding on the expedition today, which unfortunately led to a physical altercation. I thought rather than let it fester, we should talk about it, and start to heal, and repair. So, who'd like to go first?

[Time lapse. Everyone is fighting.]

Geraldine: (to Clare) Jaffa bastard? You actually said those words?!

Clare: (crying) It just came out, Mammy!

Sarah: (to Orla) But why were you threatening people with a knife, love? (feeds Orla cake)

Father Peter: Okay, one at a time, please.

Philip's dad: Well if you'd wear the bloody hearing aid I paid a fortune for, you'd have heard what she said!

Harry's dad: Girls! Girls! You were fighting with girls!

Granda Joe: (to Gerry) This is all your fault, you know. I knew this would happen. See that child over there

(Erin walks past the mayhem, up to the 'similarities' blackboard. She writes 'Parents'. She exchanges a smile with Dee.)



Episode 2

[In the assembly hall at school.]

Sister Michael: As you all know, at the beginning of term, the Bishop graciously bestowed a beautiful piece of religious art onto Our Lady Immaculate College, the enchanting Child of Prague.

(She pulls away a piece of fabric to reveal the statue.)

(James looks deeply confused.)

Sister Michael: There we are. Sure, isn't he a great fella altogether?

James: I still don't get what it's supposed to be.

Michelle: It's Jesus as a wain.

James: (tilting his head) Why's he got a big red hat on?

Michelle: Nobody knows.

Sister Michael: It was the Bishop's wish that he be passed around all the schools in the Derry Diocese. Therefore we are joined this morning by Mr. Malone, headmaster of St. Benedict's, so that the handover ceremony can take place. You are very welcome, Mr. Malone. Though I fear you may have had a wasted journey. I've thought about it, and I'd much rather just hold onto him, actually. (she smiles) He brightens up my office. (sternly) He doesn't answer back.

(The kids look awkward.)

Sister Michael: I like the fella. And if the Bishop has a problem with that, he can take it up with me. Now, what else was there? (she takes a sheet of paper) Ah, yes. Sadly, Sister Patrick has decided to leave us.

(Erin yawns.)

Sister Michael: She's returning to her missionary work, educating the heathen inhabitants of a primitive and savage place.

Woman: She's taking a teaching post in Belfast, Sister.

Sister Michael: Precisely. The Board of Governors promised me that her replacement would arrive today, but as usual they were talking out of their

(Door bangs. Sister Michael looks up. New English teacher, Ms. De Brn stands at the back of the hall with a helmet in her hand.)

Ms. De Brn: I believe you've been expecting me.

(The students all look shocked and excited. Orla shakes her head.)

Sister Michael: (rolling her eyes) Here we go.

[In the English classroom.]

(Ms. De Brn writes her name on the blackboard. As she finishes, she whacks the chalk across the room and sits down with her feet up. She sighs.)

(Erin waits expectantly. Jenny raises her hand.)

Jenny: What is it we should be doing, Miss?

Ms. De Brn: What should you be doing? (puts her feet down on the floor) Now, there's the question. But let me ask you a better one. What is it you want to do?

Michelle: Get pished.

Erin: (annoyed) Hmm.

Jenny: I'd quite like some feedback on the poetry assignment, actually.

Michelle: Dickhead.

Jenny: It counts towards our final grade, people!

Ms. De Brn: This is 12A, right?

Jenny: That is correct, Miss.

Ms. De Brn: And you are?

Jenny: Jenny. Jenny Joyce.

(Ms. De Brn looks through the assignments until she finds Jenny's.)

Ms. De Brn: Here we go. (stands up) The Flower, by Jenny Joyce.

Jenny: You're not going to read it out, are you?

Ms. De Brn: Of course. Poetry should always be read aloud.

(Erin looks inspired. Jenny looks uncomfortable.)

Ms. De Brn: Some flowers are tall, some flowers are small, some flowers barely grow at all. (throws sheet on the floor) Okay.

Jenny: That's not the end.

Ms. De Brn: It should be.

(Jenny looks offended.)

Ms. De Brn: (flicking through the sheets) Here's a poem about a dog. Here's another one about a dog. This one has no name on it. 'An English Rose Among Thorns'?

(James awkwardly raises his hand.)

Ms. De Brn: Yeah, I can see why you might want to remain anonymous, all right.

(James looks embarrassed.)

Ms. De Brn: Dog poem. Poem about a tree. This one's called 'Boys'. I think boys are really class, especially the ones who have a nice ass.

Michelle: (looking proud) It's called a haiku.

Ms. De Brn: That's not what I would call it.

(Michelle looks deflated.)

Ms. De Brn: Dog poem. Dog poem. (throwing sheets on the floor) Oh, here someone's just drawn a picture of a dog.

(Orla looks up suddenly.)

Ms. De Brn: That is not bad, actually. (sets sheet on her desk)

Orla: Thank you very much.

Ms. De Brn: This person has written about how much they love their English class, in an embarrassing attempt to suck up to the teacher.

(Clare looks embarrassed and regretful.)

Ms. De Brn: (continuing to throw sheets on the floor.) Dog poem. Dog poem. Cat poem.

(Erin raises her hand.)

Ms. De Brn: Yes?

Erin: I think a lot of people in this class, and I know no one will mind me saying this, well, they have a very basic grasp of the creative process.

(Michelle gives Erin a dirty look.)

Erin: Whereas I've been writing for years, so I'm really not afraid to put myself out there. To be bold. To take risks.

Ms. De Brn: And you are?

Orla: That's my cousin.

Erin: Erin Quinn.

Ms. De Brn: Erin Quinn. (picks up sheet) Here we go.

(Erin smiles.)

Ms. De Brn: (reading Erin's poem) The bullet's fired on the streets as I lie in my bed, are nothing to the bullets being fired in my head.

Erin: It's about The Troubles, in a political sense, but also about my own troubles, in a personal sense.

Ms. De Brn: No, I understand the weak analogy. This isn't bold, Erin. It's someone failing to be bold.

Erin: I'm sorry if the subtleties of my work were lost on you, Ms. De Brn.

Ms. De Brn: Poetry is truth. And great poetry is raw and real and messy and glorious and ugly. It is dragged from the depths of the soul. It helps us understand each other and ourselves. Do you get what I'm saying?

Erin: (looking emotional) Yes. Yes, I think I do, actually.

Michelle: Not a baldies.

Ms. De Brn: It's not often in life you're allowed to tear up the page and start over. (tears page in half) But I am gonna give you that chance. (throws paper on the floor) Impress me.

[At the cinema.]

Mary: Ach, this is lovely, Gerry.

Gerry: I thought it'd be nice for us to do something together, just the two of us, you know?

Sarah: Mary! Gerry!

(Mary and Gerry turn in shock.)

Sarah: You're not allowed to smoke in this place. Can you believe that? It's barbaric.

Gerry: Sarah, what are you doing here?

Sarah: Mary said you were having a wee night to yourselves, so I thought you might want some company.

Gerry: Why? W-why would you think that?

Ciaran: Sarah!

Gerry: Ah, himself as well, is it? Great!

Mary: (fake smiling) Sweet Jesus.

Ciaran: (smiling) Hiya, how are ye?

Sarah: They don't let you smoke in here, Ciaran. Can you credit it?

Ciaran: This is a nice surprise. When Sarah asked me to the cinema, I thought, well, I thought she meant just the two of us.

Gerry: No, Ciaran, because that would be what's the word now? Normal.

Ciaran: Double date it is then, so.

Mary: Wonder what's keeping Daddy.

(They look shocked.)

Gerry: Excuse me?

(Granda Joe appears.)

Granda Joe: (holding tickets) I've got the tickets.

Mary: We haven't decided what we want to see yet, Da!

Granda Joe: Well, I liked the look of that one with all the lads in the line-up. It's got your man in it, the farmer from Glenroe.

Mary: What, Gabriel Byrne?

Ciaran: He's done a fair bit since Glenroe now.

Granda Joe: And who are you? His agent?

Mary: Da, I don't understand this. You hate the cinema.

Granda Joe: Oh, not since I discovered it's the only way I can spend time with our Colm. It's the one place the boring bastard doesn't talk.

Mary: But Colm's not here, is he, Da?

(Joe doesn't say anything. Mary looks worried.)

Mary: Da?

(Colm is at the till, talking to the cashier. There is a long queue behind him.)

Uncle Colm: And that's not to say, now, that in my younger years, I didn't enjoy a boiled sweet, but then I heard tell of a fella from Ballynahinch What was it his name was, now?

(The cashier looks at the queue impatiently.)

Uncle Colm: I had it there a minute ago. Ach, it'll come to me. Anyway, this Ballynahinch lad, and as I say, his name escapes me

(Mary looks at Colm in dread.)

Uncle Colm: But he was mad keen on the boiled sweets. Sure, he couldn't get enough of them. But in the end, well, didn't he choke to death on one? A pear drop, I think it was. Or a clove rock maybe

(Cashier mouths an apology to the others in the queue.)

Uncle Colm: But either way, it's not how I'd want to go. (shaking his head)

Mary: (to cashier) I know, love. I know. (she leads Colm away from the till)

[In the screen, watching the film. Joe sits between Mary and Gerry. Colm sits between Ciaran and Sarah.]

Gerry: Well, isn't this romantic?

Granda Joe: (shouting) Thon fella's nothing but a fly bastard! Don't you be trusting him!

Gerry: (to Mary) I just want to check, does your father think that they can hear him?

Mary: Shh!

(Doors open suddenly. Three men walk in.)

Man: Apologies, folks. We've just had a wee security alert there. I'm afraid we're gonna have to carry out a wee evacuation. So, if you'll all follow me. Lovely, great stuff.

(They all start walking out.)

Granda Joe: (to Gerry) That's the last time I let you organise a night out.

Gerry: Okay, then.

Mary: What about this Keyser Soze fella?

Sarah: Who's Keyser Soze?

Mary: Exactly!

[In the Quinn kitchen. The kids are eating junk food and writing.]

Clare: (frustrated) God, this whole writing-from-the-soul carry-on is a nightmare.

James: I know.

Michelle: What rhymes with ride?

Clare: Bide.

Michelle: Bide? What the fuck does bide mean? Bide. That's not a word.

Clare: It is a word, Michelle.

Michelle: Bide? You've pure made that up.

Erin: Can we all be quiet? Please.

Orla: (holding up a picture she drew of James) What do you think, James? You've got red eyes cause I ran out of brown.

James: My eyes are green.

Orla: Now you tell me. (she looks distraught)

Erin: Okay. So, I'm trying not to think too much. Just to sort of let it flow through me.

Michelle: Aw, that's minging Erin.

Erin: (annoyed) Here's what I have so far. You know we belong together, you and I, forever and ever. No matter where you are, you're my guiding star.

James: Isn't that the theme tune to Home and Away?

Erin: Is it? (frustrated) Aw, for God's sake!

[Door opens.]

Erin: Shit!

(They start stuffing food into their mouths and clearing wrappers.)

Gerry: My money's on Alec Baldwin's brother.

Mary: It's Gabriel Byrne. I'm telling you.

Granda Joe: The fella with the bad leg said it wasn't, Mary.

Mary: The fella with the bad leg's covering for him, Da!

(Erin looks guilty as she chews a mouthful of junk food.)

Mary: Sweet Jesus!

Erin: (mouth full) Mammy, we can explain.

Mary: (devastated) Not the Christmas cupboard?

Sarah:  They've had the very Tunnock's, Mary.

(Clare looks terrified.)

Mary: Animals, the lot of you!

Erin: We needed energy for our poetry.

Mary: I'll give you energy for your poetry!

Clare: (shaking and panicking) We were just gonna take a handful of chocolate money, Mary, but then one thing led to another.

Mary: What am I supposed to do? I'll have to start from scratch now. And December's only round the corner.

Gerry: It's eight months away, love.

(Mary glares at Gerry.)

Granda Joe: (to Gerry) This suits you, doesn't it?

Gerry: I'm sorry?

Granda Joe: I've seen you eyeing up that Christmas cupboard! You hoked about in there long before the wains did. I'll stake my life on it.

Gerry: That is simply not true.

Mary: Let's just salvage what we can.

Sarah: (lifting the Snowballs) There's only a couple of Snowballs left, Mary.

(Mary looks appalled.)

Sarah: It's been an absolute free-for-all.

Mary: Your mothers will be hearing about this.

Michelle: Aw, for f

Sarah: What got into you, girls? You know you don't touch the Christmas cupboard.

Erin: We're stressed! Our new English teacher made us rip up all our poems and redo them in one night.

Granda Joe: Who is this blow-in?

Michelle: Her name's Ms. De Brn. She's a bit of a bitch but, cracking eyeliner.

Sarah: Winged or smudged?

Michelle: Sort of both.

Sarah: Interesting.

Mary: She ripped up your poems?

Erin: She said we weren't writing from the soul.

Mary: Well why in under God weren't you writing from the soul?!

Erin: Seriously?

[At school. The kids are looking at photographs on the wall with Ms. De Brn.]

Ms. De Brn: It was difficult, so you've just given up? You might fail, so why bother trying?

Michelle: Exactly. Told you she'd understand.

(Orla smiles.)

Ms. De Brn: Have you ever stopped to look at these? These faces from the past. They're not so different from you, really. They had dreams like you do. They had ambitions. But now, they're gone. Dead. Dust.

Clare: (whispering) That's my Auntie Anne third from the left. She's not dead.

Erin: Shhh!

Clare: But she's only fifty-four. She runs the mobile library in Ballymagroarty.

Erin: Quiet.

Ms. De Brn: But did they fulfil those dreams, those ambitions? One day, girls, you too will just be an old photograph in a hallway. You only get one life. Don't be afraid to live it. Find your voice. Make your mark. (she walks away)

(Erin looks inspired. Michelle smiles. Orla looks indifferent. James and Clare look confused.)

[Time lapse. The kids are happily writing their poems.]

[In the English classroom. Ms. De Brn reads to the class.]

[In the playground.]

Ms. De Brn: Dig deep, something you hate, something you despise. No holding back! Come on! Get it out! 

(She throws a ball at Erin, first of the class in the queue.)

Erin: (hitting the ball) Injustice!

Ms. De Brn: Yes! (throwing ball at Clare)

Clare: (hitting the ball) Prejudice!

Ms. De Brn: Good! This is good!

[In the changing rooms. Clare, Erin and Michelle all check out their winged eyeliner in the mirror.]

[In the playground.]

Michelle: (hitting the ball) Mass!

Ms. De Brn: Come on!

Orla: (hitting the ball) My own socks!

Ms. De Brn: Okay!

Jenny: (hitting the ball) Being late for school!

James: The fact that people here use the word 'wee' to describe things that aren't even actually that small! (hits ball)

Ms. De Brn: God, but I love that accent, James!

(James smiles.)

[In the changing rooms. Orla and James apply winged eyeliner.]

[In the corridor.]

(The kids walk in slow motion confidently, with their new eyeliner on.)

(Orla swings her ponytail.)

(Sister Michael walks in front of them with her arms folded.)

[On the street at night.]

Erin: Ms. De Brn's amazing. I've just never met anyone like her.

James: She's an inspiration.

Clare: Absolutely.

Michelle: She really knows how to grab things by the balls!

Clare: Oh yeah!

(Orla looks confused.)

Erin: She's changed my life, she really has.

James: (beaming) She likes my accent.

Orla: I'd die for her.

Erin: I think I would too, you know.

James: Me, too.

Michelle: Aye, fuck it. Why not?

Clare: Yeah! I mean, obviously, I totally agree, I'd die for her as well, but I'm also conscious of the fact that we've only known her, like, two days.

Erin: And?

Clare: Well, is it a bit weird she's invited us round to her house at night?

Erin: What do you mean?

Clare: Well, she's a teacher.

Erin: She's much more than a teacher.

Clare: Yeah. No. Obviously. I get that. She's great, but it's just that I've a feeling it might be, sort of, frowned upon.

Erin: God, Clare. You're so conditioned.

Clare: What's that supposed to mean?

Michelle: It means you need to loosen the fuck up.

Clare: I am loose, thank you very much.

Michelle: Face it, Clare, you're a craic killer.

Clare: (stops walking) I'm not a craic killer.

(The others walk on.)

Clare: I am not a craic killer!!

[In Ms. De Brn's house.]

Ms. De Brn: (holding a glass of wine out to Clare) Some wine?

Clare: Oh, no. Actually, I don't (she hesitates, then holds out her hand) Cheers.

(Clare downs the whole glass of wine.)

Clare: Hit me again.

Ms. De Brn: Okay. (she laughs and pours more wine)

Michelle: You don't have much stuff.

Ms. De Brn: Everything I own can fit into a suitcase.

(Clare downs another glass of wine.)

Ms. De Brn: I've never understood why people weigh themselves down with meaningless crap, you know?

Erin: Yeah, God, I just hate possessions so much.

Orla: Does that mean I can have your Sylvanian Family collection?

Erin: Shut up, Orla.

Ms. De Brn: I don't like to feel tied down, you know. Life should be spontaneous, free.

(James smiles at Ms. De Brn.)

Erin: Big time.

Ms. De Brn: (holding up wine glass) Slainte.

(The kids all hold up their wine glasses.)

Clare: This is actually nice.

Orla: Mmm, it tastes a bit like blood.

Ms. De Brn: Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch, which I have got hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible.

Erin: That's beautiful.

Ms. De Brn: Shaw. It's my favourite quote.

(Clare pours another glass of wine.)

Michelle: Take it easy, Oliver Reed.

Ms. De Brn: What's yours?

Erin: Be careful, child, of the doll made of glass. For if you hold her too tightly, she will break, and you will bleed.

Ms. De Brn: I don't think I'm familiar with that one. Who's it by?

Erin: Me. It's by me.

Ms. De Brn: Wow!

(Erin smiles proudly and nods.)

(Clare downs another glass of wine.)

[On the street.]

(Clare is drunk.)

Clare: I feel all floaty.

Michelle: She's absolutely fucking flying.

(Jenny Joyce appears.)

Jenny: Well, well, well. What are you guys up to?

Erin: Nothing much.

Clare: We've just been hanging out at Ms. De Brn's house.

Jenny: You were at her house? At night? Well, that's a bit inappropriate.

Clare: Your ma is a bit inappropriate.

Jenny: That doesn't even make sense.

Clare: Your ma doesn't even make sense.

Jenny: Is she drunk?

Clare: Your ma's drunk.

Erin: Okay, Clare. I think we get the idea. Lovely seeing you, Jenny.

Michelle: Take care now.

(They walk away.)

[In the Quinn kitchen.]

Mary: I never slept a wink last night, you know.

Sarah: Me either.

Mary: Keyser Soze?

Sarah: Naw. I went to bed with my rollers in. Sure, it's always a nightmare.

Mary: Then why do you do it?

Sarah: I've no volume at the root, Mary. What choice do I have?

Granda Joe: I'm leaning towards Pete Postlethwaite now.

Mary: It wasn't Pete Postlethwaite, Da. It's never Pete Postlethwaite. Look, this is driving me to distraction. We'll have to go back tonight.

Gerry: It's not in the listings anymore, love.

Mary: What?

Gerry: The cinema's stopped showing it.

Granda Joe: Oh, well done.

Gerry: It's not my fault.

Granda Joe: Ah, sure, nothing ever is.

Mary: (worried) What are we meant to do?

Gerry: Wait for them to release it on video.

Mary: I can't, Gerry! I can't go on like this! I need to know.

(Erin and Orla come downstairs.)

Erin: Well, that's us away.

Sarah: (to Orla) Where's your socks, love?

Orla: They're just not for me, Mammy. I'm sorry.

Sarah: You'll be foundered.

Orla: I know what I'm doing.

Erin: Have a great day, everyone.

Mary: What are you in such a good mood about?

(Orla walks out the door.)

Erin: Just, you know, life.

Mary: You're up to something, and I'll get to the bottom of it. Honest to God, Erin, between you and Keyser Soze, my head is turned.

(Orla walks back in.)

Erin: Who's Keyser Soze?

Gerry: God almighty!

[In the English classroom. The kids walk in.]

(Sister Michael is wiping Ms. De Brn's name off the blackboard. Erin's face drops.)

Sister Michael: Take a seat please, ladies.

Erin: Where's Ms. De Brn?

Sister Michael: Gone. And she's not coming back.

Erin: What?!

Clare: I knew it. When I woke up this morning, I had a feeling something terrible was going to happen and also that essentially, deep down, I'm quite an evil person.

Michelle: It's called a hangover, Clare. You'll be grand.

Sister Michael: I will be taking this class for the rest of the term, which makes me want to pull off my own face, but needs must.

Erin: (to Jenny) This was you, wasn't it? What did you do? What did you say?

Jenny: I don't know what you're talking about.

Erin: Aye, so you don't. Supergrass!

Sister Michael: That's quite enough!

Erin: You don't understand, Sister. Ms. De Brn, she touched us.

Sister Michael: What?

Erin: She made us think, she made us feel.

Sister Michael: (sighing) Oh, thank God! That would be all I need.

Erin: You can't sack her! You just can't!

(Clare drops her head into her hand, in pain.)

Sister Michael: (walking towards Erin) Miss Quinn, you appear to be under the misapprehension that you can address me as though you are my equal! I suggest you rein it in, and take a seat.

(The kids sit down and Jenny smiles with satisfaction.)

[Outside Sister Michael's office.]

Clare: (to Michelle) What if she's in there?

Michelle: It's Friday. She's at judo. Relax the kecks, Clare. (tuts)

(Michelle opens the door of Sister Michael's office. Clare looks terrified. They all walk in cautiously.)

[In Sister Michael's office. The kids stand before the Child of Prague statue.]

Michelle: Creepy wee fucker, isn't he?

Clare: I would just like to state once again for the record that I think this might be the worst idea we've ever had!

Erin: Look, do you want to help Ms. De Brn or not?

Clare: Can we not find a way to help her that doesn't involve abducting a holy statue?

Erin: We're not abducting him, Clare. We're kidnapping him.

Clare: (frantic) Is that different? I don't think that's different.

Erin: We'll give him back on the condition that Ms. De Brn is rightfully reinstated.

Clare: Oh, I'm sure Sister Michael will be fully on board with that.

Orla: Aye, me too.

Michelle: Okay, let's do the photograph.

Erin: Great, I'll write the ransom note.

James: (holding a camera) We need a copy of today's newspaper.

Clare: Why?

James: It's just the done thing, kidnapping-wise.

Orla: I've got last week's parish bulletin.

Michelle: That'll do.

Erin: (writing at the desk) I'm going to use my left hand just in case she recognises my handwriting.

Clare: Oh, well this is foolproof!

(James takes a photo of the statue.)

Erin: Should I start, 'Dear Sister Michael,' or 'To whom it may concern,' do you think?

(Clare looks furious.)

Michelle: (looking at the photograph) I don't know about this one. I think he looks a bit fat in it.

Orla: Yeah, that's not flattering.

Michelle: (moving the statue) Right, maybe if we just tilt him this way a bit.

James: (trying to move the statue) See, I think he needs to come forward a bit.

Michelle: It was fine where it was, dicko.

(They fight over the statue.)

James: Look, I'm the one taking the photo.

Michelle: Fuck off!

James: Just leave it, Michelle.

(They drop the statue. His head falls off and rolls across the floor.)

Clare: Ah! Good God!

(Erin picks the head off the floor.)

Erin: Okay. So we've gone a bit off course here.

Orla: Let's glue him!

Michelle: Brilliant! We'll just we'll just stick it back on, and it'll be grand.

(They quickly try to glue the head back on.)

(Sister Michael runs in, in her judo outfit.)

Sister Michael: Jesus, girls! What are you still doing here? I thought we had an intruder, and I tell you what, he'd have been a sorry boy, for I just nailed some serious moves.

(The kids look worried and guilty.)

(Sister Michael crosses her arms.)

Erin: We were just working on our English project, Sister.

(Clare nods.)

Sister Michael: Step aside.

(The kids don't move. Sister Michael clicks her fingers at them. They move to reveal the statue, with its head glued on upside down. Sister Michael looks distraught.)

Sister Michael: What in God's name have you done?

[Time lapse. Miss Mooney is taking a photo of the statue. Sister Michael sits sadly at her desk.]

Erin: How could you have glued his head on upside down, Orla? He's wearing a hat, for Christ's sake!

Sister Michael: Quiet!

(Geraldine Devlin walks in. Mary, Sarah and Deidre are already there.)

Geraldine: All right, Mary, Sarah, Deidre. Your girls involved in this beheading too, then?

Clare: It wasn't me, Mammy!

Geraldine: (furious) Do not speak to me, Clare! In fact, don't even breathe.

(Clare looks shocked. She holds her breath.)

Sister Michael: Take a seat, Mrs. Devlin.

(Geraldine sits down.)

Sister Michael: The statue was stolen from this room, so I've asked Miss Mooney to photograph the scene. Either it is replaced, at your expense, or the school will sue!

Sarah: To be honest, Sister, and I'm not just saying this, I think he looks better.

Sister Michael: He looks like his head's on upside down.

(Mary elbows Sarah.)

Sister Michael: And I'll be suspending them for a week!

Clare: Oh, please God, no!

Deidre: A week? We're going to be stuck with them for a week?

Geraldine: Be reasonable, Sister. We didn't behead the fella.

Mary: By Christ, you're in for it, Erin.

Erin: It was an accident, Mammy.

Sister Michael: Oh, so you accidentally wrote a ransom note, did you?

Erin: Okay, that bit wasn't an accident. But we were so upset by what happened to Ms. De Brn. It was wrong. She shouldn't have been sacked.

Sister Michael: She wasn't.

Erin: What?

(Knock on door. Ms. De Brn walks in.)

Ms. De Brn: Sorry to interrupt, Sister, but if I could just grab the old P45, then I'll be out of your way.

Erin: Excuse me?

Sister Michael: Ms. De Brn has decided to leave us.

Ms. De Brn: I got offered a post in St Dominic's Girls. Better wages, holiday pay, great pension, the works. I couldn't say no, really.

Erin: But what happened to living for the moment? What happened to Life should be spontaneous?

Ms. De Brn: Yeah, I know, but I'm buying a house and the mortgage rates are absolutely crippling at the minute.

Mary: Awk tell me about it.

Sister Michael: Part of the reason I became a nun  free accommodation.

Erin: But Ms. De Brn, you inspired me to do my greatest work.

Ms. De Brn: I see. Which was?

Erin: My poem. My glass doll poem. She's a doll made of glass. She's a glass doll. I read it to you last night.

Ms. De Brn: Yeah, I wasn't really listening, to be honest.

Erin: (shocked) Oh!

(Sister Michael passes something to Ms. De Brn.)

Ms. De Brn: Cheers.

(Ms. De Brn starts walking out the door. She turns to the kids.)

Ms. De Brn: Carpe diem.

(She walks out.)

Michelle: Carpe dickhead.

(Michelle chuckles. Her mum gives her a stern look. She immediately stops laughing.)

Erin: Well, I guess we never knew who the real Ms. De Brn was.

Mary: A bit like Keyser Soze.

Sister Michael: The fella with the bad leg.

Mary: What?

Sister Michael: Keyser Soze. He was the fella with the bad leg. He was talking absolute shite the whole time. He was one of those er, what do you call it? Unreliable narrators.

(Mary and Sarah look shocked and amazed.)

Mary: Well, that's very clever.

Sister Michael: Yeah, I thought so, too.

Miss Mooney: Look this way, girls.

(The kids all stand to get their picture taken.)



EPISODE 3

[In the Quinn living room. Granda Joe is watching Take That on TV.]

Granda Joe: God almighty, I don't know what the world's coming to. Bloody perverts.

Mary: (holding the baby) You're overreacting, Da.

Granda Joe: Overreacting? That lad's got no trousers on, for Christ sake.

Sarah: (drying her tan) He has a great set of pins on him, doesn't he?

(James, Erin, Michelle and Clare sit on the sofa watching the TV and dancing.)

Mary: For God's sake. Will you close that window? We're foundered here.

Sarah: I need air, Mary. I've five layers on me.

Mary: Five layers? What are you trying to do? Change race?

Sarah: Give us a going over with the hairdryer, will you?

Mary: Indeed, I will not. I've enough to be at.

Granda Joe: Why do they keep touching themselves?

Erin: Because they're artists, Granda.

Granda Joe: Dirty English bastards is what they are. (to James) No offence son.

(Granda Joe turns the channel to the news. The kids look annoyed.)

News reporter: SDLP leader John Hume has again called for cross party peace talks.

Sarah: John's really dying for peace, like, isn't he? It's all he ever goes on about. I hope it works out for him.

Mary: Aye, I sort of hope it works out for all of us, Sarah.

(Gerry walks in.)

Gerry: Come on, girls. It's time to hit the road here. (to James) Have they roped you into going as well, son?

Michelle: Roped him? Hardly. He's riding Gary Barlow.

James: I am not! I just respect him as a songwriter, that's all.

Michelle: Aye, dead on, James. So you do.

Mary: Will we need our passports, Gerry?

Gerry: For Belfast? I don't think so, love.

Granda Joe: Belfast?

Erin: Are we not a bit early, Daddy?

Gerry: It's a two hour drive with traffic, love.

Granda Joe: (getting up in fury) This thing's in Belfast?

Erin: But it's eight hours til the doors open.

Gerry: I know, we're cutting it fine.

Granda Joe: Belfast! Sure why don't you just sell the wains into white slavery and be done with it?

Mary: Gerry will be with them, Da.

Granda Joe: Well that's worse! Sure, they hate his kind there!

Gerry: My kind?

Granda Joe: Pricks.

(Gerry looks offended.)

Mary: That is enough. They're going to the concert, Da. And that's the end of the matter.

News reporter: And finally, panic at Belfast Zoo today, when a polar bear escaped from its enclosure. The RUC have launched a widespread search and have warned residents in the local area to be extra vigilant.

Granda Joe: Now will you see sense?

Erin: Aye, Granda, 'cause an escaped polar bear's going to track us down and kill us. As if Mammy's bothered by that.

(Mary is speechless.)

[Time lapse.]

Erin: Wise up, Mammy! As if a polar bear's going to rock up at a Take That concert!

Orla: He wouldn't get a ticket, for a start. They sold out months ago.

Mary: You'd be surprised, girls.

Granda Joe: Aye, thon boys would get in where draughts wouldn't.

Gerry: Sure, the concert's nowhere near the zoo.

Granda Joe: But he's not in the zoo anymore, is he, simple Simon? He's sauntering about Belfast without a care in the world.

Sarah: Aye, keep up, Gerry.

Gerry: What I'm saying is that it would be quite a lot of ground for him to cover.

Mary: They're quick on their feet when they want to be, love.

Orla: Or someone might give him a lift.

Erin: Whose side are you on, Orla?

Michelle: Come on, Mary. If you won't let Erin go, our Mas won't let us go.

Mary: Well, neither they should! And I'll be ringing them to say as much.

(Michelle looks annoyed.)

Clare: (frantic) Oh, brilliant!

James: I hate my life.

Mary: Look girls, I know how much you were looking forward to seeing This and That.

Erin: Take That!

Mary: But there'll be other concerts.

Erin: No there won't! The fact that this one's happening is a miracle. Nobody good ever comes here 'cause we keep killing each other!

Sarah: And now we're overrun with polar bears.

Granda Joe: Where will it end?

Erin: Seriously?!

[In Erin's bedroom. The kids enter.]

Michelle: Well I'm not letting that fat, furry fuck ruin the biggest day of my life!

Erin: (sitting on her bed) What can we do?

(James, Clare and Orla sit on the bed beside Erin.)

Michelle: Right, listen, girls. I've never told anyone this before but sometimes when Robbie's being interviewed, it's like he's sending me messages through the TV, you know, like telepathically or whatever. It's like he's saying we're meant to be together.

Erin: Aye, maybe don't tell that to anyone again, Michelle. Ever.

Michelle: Look, this is too important. I'm going to that concert. I'm not afraid of a fucking polar bear!

Erin: Me either.

James: Nor me.

Michelle: Bastard!

Orla: (sucking a lollipop) I'll kill it with my own two hands if I have to!

Erin: Bring it on!

Michelle: Yes!

Clare: Okay, we seem to have gone down a weird road here, people. I think we just got a bit confused. We don't actually have to fight a polar bear, and, if we did, I wouldn't really fancy our chances because, well, they're massive!

Orla: But there's five of us, so

Clare: The point is, the polar bear's not the one stopping us going to the concert. It's our mothers, and we'll never get them to change their minds.

Michelle: We're not going to try to change their minds. We're going to do something else.

James: What?

Michelle: (smiling) Lie our holes off.

[On the bus to Belfast. Erin, Michelle, James, Orla and Clare sit in the back seats.]

Clare: (wearing a full black outfit and black hat) We're going to get caught. I just know it.

Michelle: We're not going to get caught, Clare. Because, as far as our Mas are concerned, me, you and James are round Erin's, and Erin and Orla are round mine.

Orla: But we're not round yours, Michelle. We're on the bus to Belfast.

Michelle: I can't, I cannot explain it to her again. I'm going to scream.

James: What's in the suitcase, Michelle?

(A red suitcase sits on the seat in front of Michelle.)

Michelle: Vodka.

Erin: You've brought an entire suitcase full of vodka?

Michelle: No. There's mixers as well. I'm not a savage. You can mix vodka with cider, right?

Clare: God, I am boiling!

Erin: Is it any wonder, Clare? What are you wearing?

Michelle: Yeah, you look like a fucking provo.

Clare: I don't want anyone recognising me, okay?

Michelle: No one's going to recognise you, Clare.

(Sister Michael gets on the bus.)

Sister Michael: Clare Devlin, is that you?

Clare: (panicking) Jesus Christ.

Erin: Relax, Clare. It's the weekend. She has no authority over us at the weekend. She has no right to question us, and if she tries to, I'll tell her as much.

Sister Michael: Morning, girls.

All: Morning, Sister Michael.

Sister Michael: What takes you to Belfast?

(Clare looks to Erin.)

Erin: I'm not really sure that's

Sister Michael: Speak up.

Erin: I'm not really sure that that's any of your business.

Sister Michael: I'm going to assume that was an ill-judged attempt at humour, Miss Quinn.

Erin: Yes.

Sister Michael: Now answer the question.

Erin: We're going to the museum.

Sister Michael: Which museum?

Clare: The Ulster Museum.

Sister Michael: What for?

James: A project. A history project.

(Orla looks confused.)

Sister Michael: What about?

Michelle: Ulster?

Sister Michael: (suspicious) Hmm

(Sister Michael walks away and takes a seat. The kids sigh with relief. Sister Michael turns to look at them suspiciously.)

[Time lapse.]

Clare: (pulling her hair out of her jumper) A history project! This web of lies we're spinning is getting out of control now, girls!

(Clare whips off her hat and straightens her hair.)

Michelle: It's grand, Clare. I think she bought it.

Clare: Of course she didn't buy it! She's onto us. I'm telling you. My God, I'm sweltered here.

Erin: Then take it off!

Clare: I can't take it off. I've nothing underneath it.

Erin: What, not even a bra?

Michelle: Jesus, Clare! You've no bra on?

Clare: (shouting) Of course I've got a bra on!

Orla: I haven't got a bra on.

James: Can everyone please stop saying 'bra'.

Clare: But I can hardly parade around in just my bra, can I? I'm not Madonna.

Michelle: Isn't that the truth.

Clare: What's she doing now?

James: Reading her book.

(Sister Michael reads The Exorcist and laughs.)

James: Now she's looking at the woman beside her.

(Sister Michael looks at the old woman beside her who's eating a sandwich.)

James: Now she's getting up.

(Clare looks panicked.)

James: Now she's coming this way.

(Sister Michael walks towards the kids.)

James: Now she's standing right in front of us.

Sister Michael: What's he doing?

James: Now she's asking

Erin: Stop talking, James.

Sister Michael: (pointing at the seat with the suitcase on it) I want to sit here.

Michelle: What? What, why?

Sister Michael: Well, you're just such wonderful company, girls, what with your stimulating conversation and your razor sharp wit.

Erin: Really?

Sister Michael: No, not really. The woman next to me is eating an egg and onion sandwich and the smell of it is enough to turn an orange march. (she picks up the suitcase) Christ, but this is heavy.

Michelle: Sister, no. Let me.

Sister Michael: What do you have in here, girls?

Clare: It's not ours!

Sister Michael: Not yours?

Clare: We have never seen it before in our lives. Have we, girls?

Erin: Nope.

Michelle: Never.

James: No.

Sister Michael: (turning to the front of the bus) Excuse me, everyone! Can I have your attention, please? Does anyone own this red suitcase?

(Orla raises her hand.)

All: No.

(The kids look worried.)

Sister Michael: Now, let me be clear. No one can claim this bag? Is that correct?

All: That's correct.

Sister Michael: I think we have a code red on our hands! Driver, pull over!

(The kids panic as Sister Michael walks away.)

[Outside the bus. The suitcase is on the road. The army bomb diffusers have arrived and are approaching the suitcase.]

Soldier on radio: in position. Examining suspect device now.

(Erin, James, Michelle and Clare look anxious. Orla looks excited.)

Clare: Sweet Jesus!

Erin: Aye, this isn't great.

Michelle: Ach, it's not that big a deal.

Erin: They're going to blow up an entire suitcase of vodka, Michelle!

Michelle: I know. Animals.

Orla: Their wee beekeeper costumes are so cracker!

Erin: You're unbelievable!

Clare: (fiddling with her jumper) This is so itchy now!

Michelle: Don't blame me. Blame the milk tray man.

Erin: This is really serious, Michelle. People have gone to jail for less.

James: Why is this place so mental?

Michelle: That's enough, James! You have serious fucking anger management issues, do you know that?

(There is a loud bang as the suitcase is exploded.)

Soldier: 33 Bravo this is 31 Alpha, over.

Soldier on radio: I hear you. Over.

Soldier on radio: All clear here. Over.

Soldier: Roger. Let's pack it up. Over.

(Michelle smiles with relief.)

Soldier on radio: Powerful smell of vodka down here. Over.

(The kids look worried.)

Sister Michael: Vodka, did he say? (turning to the kids) Interesting.

Michelle: Okay, we need to go.

(The kids run away and the crowd watch them in confusion.)

[On a country road. The kids walk.]

(Orla is holding a stick in the air.)

Erin: We need a better plan, Michelle.

Michelle: This is a great plan.

Erin: We cannot walk to Belfast.

Michelle: How far could it be? Have you ever seen Northern Ireland on a map? It's fucking tiny.

Clare: I have to say, I'm not overly keen on us being out in the open like this, just because of the whole There's a polar bear on the loose that could maul us to death thing!

Orla: It can try.

Michelle: Is it just me, or is that gypsy an absolute ride?

(Some gypsies stand at a stall at the side of the road.)

Erin: Michelle, you cannot say that!

Michelle: What?

Erin: They're called travellers now. You can't say gypsy anymore. It's insulting.

Michelle: Is it?

Clare: Yes. Yes, it is.

Michelle: Really?

James: Who are they?

Erin: They're just people, James. They're just people exactly like us.

Orla: Except different.

Erin: Yes. No!

Clare: That's actually racist, Orla.

Michelle: No, it's not. They are different.

Erin: They're not.

Michelle: Well, they live in caravans for a start.

Orla: Aw, I wish I lived in a caravan!

Michelle: Aye, me too. Caravans are class!

Erin: Could everybody stop being so racist, please?

James: I'm a bit scared of them. Is that racist?

Erin: Yes.

Clare: Very much so.

Michelle: Is gypsy even a race?

Erin: Traveller.

Gypsy: Well, how are you girls?

Michelle: Well, hello there.

Erin: Hi.

Clare: Good afternoon, Sir.

Michelle: Sir? What the fuck, Clare?

Gypsy: Hey, hold on!

Clare: (frantic) What does he want?

(The kids start walking faster.)

Erin: I dunno.

Gypsy: I'm talking to you!

Erin: Just walk on.

Gypsy: Hey! Are you deaf or what?

(The kids walk even faster and the group of gypsies follow them.)

Erin: Keep your heads down and keep walking.

Gypsy: Get back here!

Erin: Faster. Walk faster.

Gypsy: Am I going to have to come after ya, am I?

James: Jesus Christ, he's following us.

Michelle: Holy fuck!

Erin: Run!

(The gypsies chase the kids down the road.)

Erin: He's obviously a psychopath! Run!

Michelle: He looks fucking raging!

Clare: I don't want to die! I don't want to die!

(Clare screams frantically. Orla laughs.)

Orla: This is some craic, isn't it?

(The gypsies have caught up with the kids.)

James: Holy shit, they're fast!

(They stop running. Erin grabs Orla's stick and holds it up to the main gypsy.)

Erin: Back off!

Gypsy: What?

Erin: Back off, you heard me! I'm not messing around with this thing!

Clare: (holding up her hands) We mean you no harm, Sir!

Michelle: Seriously, Clare. The sir thing, just pack it in.

Gypsy: Why are you being so weird?

Clare: Why are you chasing us?

Gypsy: (holding out a purse to Clare) Because you dropped this.

Clare: My purse.

Gypsy: Why did you think we were chasing you?

(They are speechless.)

Gypsy: Ah right, I see. We're travellers, which means we're psychopaths?

Orla: Aw, you were right, Erin!

Erin: Shut up, Orla.

Gyspy: We run after people and beat them up for no fecking reason.

Erin: No, look, that isn't - 

Gypsy: We're travellers, so we're obviously violent.

Erin: No, not at all. Listen, we have huge respect for you and your people. You've such a strong sense of community and such wonderful, traditional values.

(A van approaches and beeps its horn.)

Rita: These lads bothering you, girls?

Erin: Yes, yes, they are!

Michelle: They're fucking madmen!

Erin: They're going to kill us.

Clare: Help us, please!

Rita: (spits) Jump in.

(The kids run to the van. Orla waves goodbye happily.)

Gypsy: Arseholes.

[Time lapse. On the road to Belfast in the van.]

(Clare looks at some CDs. Michelle hugs a Robbie cardboard cutout.)

Michelle: We totally suit.

Erin: Have you ever actually met them, Rita? Take That?

Rita: Nah, I can't stand them, if I'm being honest, but the fans are so thick they'll buy any old shite. Present company incuded.

Erin: I think you mean excluded.

Rita: Naw. Naw, I don't.

Erin: I see.

Rita: Pop music isn't really my thing, truth be told. It's all so fucking soulless. Nah. I'm a classical head, all the way, but I've been banned from trading at Glyndebourne ever since I absolutely battered that Pavarotti fan, and when I say battered I mean intellectually, like. I did kick the shit out of him as well.

(Erin looks terrified. Orla looks shocked.)

Rita: Pavo's La Boheme is very muscular, but for purity of tone you simply cannot fault Bocelli!! I mean, listen to that, girls.

(Rita turns on classical music.)

Rita: Pass us a can, there.

Erin: A can of?

(Orla passes Rita a can of beer.)

Erin: (looking worried) Oh, beer. I see.

(Rita cracks open the can and drinks while driving.)

Erin: Alcoholic beer.

Rita: Ah, that's fucking beautiful.

Erin: While driving. Okay. Fine. Good.

Rita: (taking another mouthful) Mmm! I mean, what a fucking instrument! Glorious!

(Clare looks awkwardly at a t-shirt with a spelling mistake.)

Erin: Any idea what the speed limit is around here?

Clare: Robie?!

Rita: Close your eyes, girls, and soak it up!

Erin: Sure. Of course. But maybe you could soak it up with your eyes open and, you know, on the road?!

(Andrea Bocelli continues playing as they drive down the road. Rita continues drinking, closing her eyes and crying. Erin looks terrified.)

(Clare pulls out more t-shirts, all with the spelling mistake 'Robie'.)

Clare: Erin, what are we going to do?

Erin: I don't know! She's fucking mental!

Clare: She spelt Robbie wrong on every single t-shirt!

Erin: What?

Clare: How are we going to break it to her?

(Rita drinks more beer.)

Erin: That's what you're worried about, Clare? At this very second, that's what's concerning you, a spelling mistake?!

Clare: I find it disturbing, Erin.

Rita: I tell you what, girls, I don't believe in God but, see, if I did

Michelle: Um, she's lost the plot.

Rita: (crying) That's what he would sound like!

Michelle: We should have took our chances with the gypsies.

Erin and Clare: Travellers!

(Thudding and braking. Rita spills beer on herself. Erin looks terrified.)

Michelle: Jesus Christ!

(Orla fixes her hair.)

Erin: What was that?

Clare: Did we hit something?!

(Orla looks out the window, shocked and excited.)

Orla: Oh my God! It's the polar bear!

[Time lapse. They stare down at the carcass. It's a sheep.]

Rita: Not again. Get it shifted, girls.

[Time lapse. Rita is back in the van, drinking beer and watching the girls happily.]

(The girls move the dead sheep.)

Michelle: This is rank!

Clare: Why are we doing it?

Erin: Because Rita told us to, and I'm scared of her, Clare! I'm very, very scared of her! Why's it so heavy? Aren't they meant to be 90% wool?!

Michelle: Just put your back into it! The sooner this is done, the sooner we're back in the van and on our way to see Robbie.

Clare: Robie! I mean, it so obviously doesn't look right!

Erin: I am not getting back in that van, Michelle! The woman is a maniac!

Michelle: We've come this far now, we're not turning back! Oh, Jesus Christ!

Erin: What is it?

Michelle: Oh, I just put my hand on its hole!

(They all freak out.)

Michelle: Fuck this, let's just make James do it, the lazy bastard.

Clare: Totally. Good idea.

(They drop the sheep.)

Clare: (looking around) Where is James?

(Erin looks at her with worry.)

[In the van.]

(The girls all shout at the same time in panic. Rita smokes.)

Rita: Will you shut the fuck up?!

(They all stop shouting.)

Rita: Okay. So, as far as I can make out, you think you left this James character with the gypsies?

Erin: Travellers.

Rita: The small, annoying one thinks we should go back for him, because?

Clare: (panicking) They were so angry with us. He could be in real danger, Rita!

Rita: And the mouthy, curly one thinks we shouldn't, because?

Michelle: Because he's a dickhead, Rita.

Rita: See, it's tricky.

Clare: Oh, come on, Michelle!

Michelle: If we go back for him we're going to miss the start of the concert.

Erin: But he's your cousin.

Michelle: Who hasn't lost a cousin or two in their time?

Rita: Okay, okay. So, who agrees with Tiny Tears, who thinks we should go back?

(Erin and Clare raise their hands. Orla scratches her chin thoughtfully.)

Clare: Orla!

Orla: I like James, I like Take That more.

Rita: Make a fucking decision, I've t-shirts to flog!

Michelle: Come on, girls. It's Take That we're talking about!

Erin: I know, it's just

Michelle: You said it yourself, Erin, the greats don't come here. We never got to see Bros, New Kids on the Block, Right Said Fred.

(Rita rolls her eyes.)

Michelle: Let's not add Take That to the list. We can't turn back. There's too much at stake.

Erin: James has the tickets!

Michelle: Shit!

[In the Quinn living room. Gerry stands watching TV. Sarah watches TV from the kitchen hatch. Mary reads the newspaper at the kitchen table.]

News reporter: Despite John Humes' optimism earlier today, the DUP leader, Ian Paisley has said that under no circumstances will his party sit at the same table as Sinn Fein, making all party talks impossible.

(Mary looks up, sighing with disappointment.)

Mary: I can't take it anymore. All these false promises. Waiting week after week, hoping today might be the day, only to be disappointed.

Gerry: Don't upset yourself, love. It's just a wheelie bin.

Mary: It'll change my life, Gerry. And Strabane's had them for months. I mean, what's going on there? Who's pulling the strings for Strabane?

Sarah: (thinking about her tan) I mean, it's against the Trades Description Act. The label said mahogany. Sure, that's barely oak. Jesus, but I'm fuming, so I am.

(Granda Joe walks in.)

Granda Joe: He's gaining ground.

Mary: What?

Granda Joe: The polar bear. Margo Murphy's niece just saw him outside the Abrakebabra in Coleraine, apparently.

Sarah: That close?!

Mary: I'll get the holy water.

Granda Joe: Sarah, buzz Michelle's mother there, tell her we need our wains back.

Sarah: I will surely, Daddy.

Granda Joe: Then we'll barricade the front door, and if the worst comes to the worst, Jim across the road lent me his tranquiliser gun.

Sarah: (phone to ear) Nobody's picking up.

Gerry: Why does Jim across the road have a tranquiliser gun?

Sarah: His brother had an awful lot of bother with devil worshippers.

Gerry: Excuse me?

Sarah: Aye, they set up camp on his farm and he couldn't shift them for love nor money, so Jim bought a couple of guns and just

Gerry: What? Shot them?

Sarah: Aye, I think it worked, you know?

Gerry: I imagine it would, yeah.

Mary: I'm not convinced they were devil worshippers, you know.

Sarah: Sure their hair had never seen a brush and they were head to toe in tie dye, Mary.

(Gerry turns to see Granda Joe holding a gun to his face.)

Gerry: Jesus Christ! Okay, I think we all just need to take a moment.

(Knock on the front door. Granda Joe points the gun at the door.)

Sarah: Don't answer! That might be him, that might be the polar bear!

(Granda Joe points the gun at Gerry again.)

Gerry: Yeah, because they're known for their impeccable manners. They might come into the house and rip your throat out, but they'll knock on the door first. Could you please stop pointing that thing at me, Joe?

Mary: Da

(Joe lowers the gun. Geraldine walks in.)

Mary: Ach, Geraldine.

Geraldine: I hope you don't mind. Your front door was open. Can you believe this bloody polar bear? We're at our wits end over at our place.

Mary: It's desperate, so it is.

(Knock at door. Mary and Sarah jump in panic. Joe raises the gun. Deidre walks in.)

Deidre: Hello Mary, Gerry?

Mary: Mon in, Deidre love, it's open.

Deidre: Can you credit this arsehole? He's going to hold this whole town hostage, you mark my words.

Sarah: He's an evil bastard, Deidre.

Deidre: Look, I just want to get my two back home if that's all right, Mary.

Geraldine: Aye, same here. You wouldn't mind getting Clare for me?

Mary: What are you talking about?

Gerry: Shhh! Listen.

(They all turn to the TV.)

News reporter: A polar bear that escaped from Belfast Zoo this morning has been recaptured. A group of firefighters who were helping with the search discovered the animal close to the A6 between Belfast and Londonderry, feasting on a sheep carcass.

Sarah: Well thank God for that.

Granda Joe: Ah. I better leave Jim's gun back, so.

(Granda Joe walks out.)

Mary: Michelle, James and Clare, did they tell you they were coming round here?

Deidre: Aye.

Geraldine: That's right.

Mary: (shaking her head) The wee feckers.

[At the gypsies' stall. The van pulls up. James is happily helping the gypsies.]

(Rita beeps the horn. Orla looks out the window at James while sucking a lollipop. Michelle opens the sliding door.)

Michelle: What are you playing at? Get in the van, fucko!

Gypsy: Does not have to if you don't want to, James.

Michelle: With all due respect, this has got nothing to do with you.

Gypsy: The way you treat this fella is disgraceful.

Michelle: What is going on, James?

James: Jonjo and the lads, well, they just get me, and it turns out, I'm a really good salesman.

Gypsy: He's a natural.

Michelle: So what? You're a gypsy now?

Erin: Traveller!

Gypsy: Actually, gypsy's fine.

Michelle: I knew it.

Rita: Let's get a move on!

Michelle: Right, get in the van. Come on. And do not test me, 'cause we've already missed PJ and Duncan.

Clare: Is that who was supporting them?

Michelle: Aye.

Clare: Oh, I really like them!

James: I'm not leaving, Michelle.

Michelle: Not even for Gary Barlow?

Gypsy: I don't really rate him as a songwriter, you know?

(James looks offended.)

James: I'm sorry, Jonjo, but you've just crossed the line there.

(James gets in the van with the others. Jonjo the gypsy looks devastated.)

[In the Quinn kitchen. All the mothers sit at the table, drinking tea.]

Deidre: My Michelle's going to be wishing she was mauled to death by that thing when I get my hands on her.

Geraldine: I don't know what to do anymore. I mean, they say that all teenagers are a bit rebellious, but Clare's off the scale. She's basically a delinquent.

Sarah: (drinking her tea with a spoon) Have you considered adoption, Geraldine?

Geraldine: She's sixteen, Sarah. Sure, she's past the cut-off.

(Gerry is watching TV by himself in the living room.)

News reporter: And finally, amazing scenes in the King's Hall this evening, as the British pop sensations, Take That play their first ever Northern Irish concert.

(Footage of Robbie onstage.)

Mary: Look, girls, we just need some cold, hard proof they went to that concert. And then, by Christ, they won't know what's hit them.

(The kids appear on the TV, in the front row dancing and screaming with excitement.)

(Gerry looks taken aback, and continues watching.)

(Close up of Erin dancing on the TV.)

(Gerry smiles and chuckles. He continues watching his daughter in silence.)

(The kids look happy as they continue dancing at the concert.)




EPISODE 4

[In church. The Bridal Chorus plays.]

(The congregation turns to see Sarah walking down the aisle in white. The bride and her father walk behind her. The bride looks annoyed. Sarah squeezes in beside Mary.)

Sarah: Jesus, but that taxi took forever, so it did.

(Mary, Gerry and Erin look at Sarah in disgust.)

(The bride walks past Sarah, giving her a dirty look.)

Sarah: Oh, isn't she gorgeous?

Mary: Give me strength.

[At the reception. The bridesmaids console the bride.]

Mary: Everyone is looking at us.

Sarah: (drinking champagne) Do you think it's your hat?

Mary: What?

Sarah: It is a bit much, Mary. I did try to tell you.

Mary: My hat's a bit much? Really?

Woman: (to Sarah) You should be ashamed of yourself.

Granda Joe: (to Gerry) What in under Christ have you done now?

Gerry: I don't think she was talking to me, Joe. I think she was talking to the person in the full-length, white frock who just managed to upstage the actual bride.

Sarah: Och, I wouldn't say I upstaged her now, Gerry.

Mary: It's so mortifying.

Sarah: Well, take it off then, Mary.

Mary: What?

Sarah: The hat.

(Uncle Colm walks in.)

Granda Joe: Ah, shite.

Uncle Colm: There you are.

Granda Joe: He's spied us. Run, girls. Save yourselves.

Uncle Colm: John over there was just saying You know John? Lovely fella. Married to, er, Patricia, I think it is, and her mother worked in the credit union, you might remember. Absolutely crippled with the old gallstones, so she was.

Mary: Christ Almighty.

Uncle Colm: And the gallstones Well, now, they're no joke. A neighbour of mine, Dickie Dunnagan, by God, he was tortured with the gallstones. The size of gallstones, they were.

Mary: Um, and what did John say, Colm? For the love of God, what did he say?

Uncle Colm: He was telling me there, John was, that every being in the place is talking about Sarah's frock.

Sarah: (happily) Och, really?

Mary: Jesus, but this is an ordeal.

Uncle Colm: Well, at least they got a good day for it, Mary. I'll tell you, I was at one there, up in the Cathedral last week. By God, the wind could have cut you in two. Fierce it was, and now, I don't mind a bit of a breeze. If anything, I prefer it, but thon was aggressive. And I says to myself, says I, Colm, this is no day for a do. And, as it turns out

Mary: Can I just stop you there, Colm?

Uncle Colm: Surely, Mary. Go ahead.

Mary: Oh, no. I've nothing to say. I just really, really need you to stop talking.

Uncle Colm: Fair enough.

(Mary nods.)

Granda Joe: Herself's over there. Circling the drinks table.

(Gerry and Joe watch Aunt Bridie drink champagne.)

Granda Joe: Bitter old bat.

Mary: Da

Granda Joe: It's one glass per head. She has already necked the guts of four bottles.

Mary: Da!

Granda Joe: Though it'll hardly touch the sides. Tolerance of a rhino.

Mary: Stop it, okay? Bridie's still our aunt. Still Mammy's sister. And if Mammy was alive

Granda Joe: Your mother couldn't stick her.

Mary: Shh! She's coming over. (she smiles) Auntie Bridie, great to see you!

Aunt Bridie: (to Sarah) Well, you should be proud of yourself.

Sarah: (sincerely) Och, thanks very much.

Granda Joe: All right, Bridie? Are you well?

Aunt Bridie: Nope. Naw, I'm not actually. Not that you give a shit.

Eamonn: Mammy hasn't been keeping the best lately, Joe. I was a bit worried about her for a while.

Granda Joe: I wouldn't upset yourself too much, son. Sure, a bullet couldn't take your mother out. Isn't that right, Bridie?

Aunt Bridie: Still a prick, I see, Joe. Christ knows what our Marie ever saw in you, God rest her soul. Yous must still miss her terribly, girls.

(Sarah nods.)

Mary: We do indeed.

Aunt Bridie: Isn't it a crying shame neither of you got her looks?

Mary: Okay. So, Eamonn! Any craic with you? Are you seeing anyone? Should I maybe buy myself another hat?

Sarah: You should definitely buy yourself another hat, Mary. That thing does nothing for you.

Eamonn: I'm not seeing anyone.

Mary: Plenty of time, I suppose.

Aunt Bridie: Eamonn'll never marry.

Gerry: Is that a feeling, Bridie, or an instruction?

(Bridie stares angrily at Gerry. Gerry looks regretful.)

Sarah: Och, it's a great wee day so far, isn't it?

Mary: Beam me up.

[Time lapse. On the dancefloor. Uncle Colm talks to a random man. Erin and Orla are drinking from bottles.]

Erin: Thank God!

(Erin and Orla walk across the room to Clare, Michelle and James.)

Michelle: (excitedly) Motherfuckers!

Clare: How's it been?

Erin: Boring.

Orla: Brilliant!

Mary: Erin! Orla!

Erin: Oh, for Christ's sake.

Mary: I said you could invite one friend to the reception! One!

Erin: Och, Mummy, they don't come separately.

Michelle: Aye, we're pack animals, Mary.

James: I love your hat, Mrs. Quinn!

Mary: (looking flattered) Thanks, son.

Michelle: Dickhead.

Mary: Well, no oul carry on, do you hear me? We're in enough bother as it is. (to Erin) Best behaviour. (she walks away)

Clare: Completely!

Michelle: You'll have no trouble from us, Mary! Okay girls, who wants to do drugs?

Orla: (smiling) Me.

Clare: I'm sorry?

Michelle: Nothing heavy, just a bit of blow.

Erin: And where are you planning on getting a bit of blow from, Michelle?

(The priest walks past. The girls look awkward.)

Michelle: Right, well, you know Macca?

Erin: I can't say I do.

Michelle: Aye, Macca. Big Macca. Come on, everybody knows Macca!

Clare: We don't.

Michelle: Wise up! Macca? Macca! Macca. Macca!

Clare: That's not helping, Michelle!

Michelle: Macca. Tall fella, dark hair, wonky nose from when he used to do the bare-knuckle boxing. Och, he's loads of tattoos, big scar under his left eye. He was kicked out of Creggan for joyriding.

Clare: (sarcastically) Well, he sounds delightful!

Orla: (sincerely) He really does.

Michelle: He said he could hook us up. Class or what?

Erin: I'm not sure.

Clare: Well, I am. It's not happening. Drugs are for mugs, folks!

Michelle: Congratulations, Clare. That might be the dickiest sentence that anyone's ever said.

James: Come on, Michelle, what makes you think you can trust this Macca person?

Michelle: Well, he's not English for a start, so

Erin: James has a point.

Michelle: No, he doesn't!

Erin: What if he gives us dodgy gear?

Michelle: Dodgy gear? What is this, The Bill?!

Clare: I cannot believe you're even discussing it!

Michelle: Let's live a little, for fuck's sake!

Clare: I want no part of this, and if you guys decide to go through with it, then I'm sorry, but any friendship we have is over!

(Rock the Boat starts playing. The kids look excited.)

Clare: (screaming excitedly) Rock the Boat! It's Rock the Boat!

Michelle: Happy fucking days! Quick!

(They all run into the crowd.)

Orla: Bagsy the front! Bagsy the front!

(They push their way through. Erin shoves Eamonn as he tries to get into the line on the floor.)

(Most of the guests do the Rock the Boat dance on the floor. James looks stressed and confused.)

Michelle: You're just a wrecking ball, Clare.

Clare: Look, Michelle, drugs are illegal, drugs are addictive, but perhaps most importantly, in this country you can lose your kneecaps if you're caught doing them, and I like my kneecaps, Michelle. They suit my knees!

Orla: You do have cracking kneecaps, Clare!

James: Is that true?

Erin: Sort of.

(Mary, Gerry, Sarah and Joe dance at their table.)

(Uncle Colm continues talking to the same random man. The man looks bored.)

Mary: Oh, God.

Gerry: What is it?

Mary: He's got someone. Should we save the poor fella?

Granda Joe: No chance.

Sarah: Och, Daddy, he's only young.

Granda Joe: I don't care! When it comes to our Colm, it's every man for himself.

(The kids are still rocking the boat. James looks comfortable.)

(Bridie and Eamonn approach Mary, Gerry, Sarah and Joe.)

Aunt Bridie: I would like a word.

Eamonn: It's fine, Mammy.

Aunt Bridie: Indeed, it is not fine.

Mary: Something troubling you, Bridie?

Aunt Bridie: Aye, you could say that. My Eamonn has been waiting all night for this song.

Mary: For Rock the Boat? Really?

Aunt Bridie: But your girls pushed him out of the line, and now he has a bruise. Show them the bruise, Eamonn.

Eamonn: I bruise quite easily. (he pulls up his trousers to reveal his leg)

Aunt Bridie: That's not the point!

Mary: Right. I see. Well, I'm sorry about that, Eamonn.

Aunt Bridie: Is that all you have to say?

Mary: I'm not sure what else there is to say, Bridie, except maybe, our girls are sixteen and Eamonn's a fifty year old man.

Sarah: Look, it's a rough routine, Bridie. You know that going in. You sit down on that floor at your own risk.

Aunt Bridie: You are seriously not going to pull them up about this?

Mary: No, Bridie. We're not. It's Rock the Boat.

Aunt Bridie: Well, that certainly explains a few things.

Mary: What's that supposed to mean?

Aunt Bridie: It means that a bit of discipline would do those girls no harm. They have been running about all day like a couple of wild animals.

Mary: Okay, that'll do, Bridie.

Aunt Bridie: But then, the apple never did fall far from the tree.

Eamonn: Mammy, please.

Aunt Bridie: Yous girls never did know how to conduct yourselves. Nothing but a pair of hallions.

Gerry: Come on now, Bridie, that's enough of that.

Granda Joe: What, do they need you to defend them? You big pair of knickers.

Aunt Bridie: It wasn't my poor sister's fault. She tried her best with both of you, but you're your father's daughters, all right.

Mary: I'd rein it in now, if I were you.

Aunt Bridie: I really think you were a disappointment to her, you know?

(Eamonn looks shocked.)

Granda Joe: (standing up) Now, hold on a God damn minute!

Mary: (standing up) Daddy, you will not dignify that with a response.

Aunt Bridie: And I'll tell you something else. If your mother saw thon hat, she'd be turning in her grave, for its nothing but a bloody eyesore.

Mary: Och, drop dead, you spiteful oul hag!

(Bridie literally drops dead.)

Mary: Catch yourself on

(They all look shocked. All the guests crowd around the body.)

[In the Quinn kitchen. Mary sits in shock.]

Mary: I just cannot believe it.

Sarah: Listen, Mary, no matter what you've done, you're still my sister. I'll stand by you.

Mary: I haven't done anything, Sarah.

Granda Joe: Exactly, love. Everybody knows you didn't mean to kill the oul boot. God rest her soul.

Mary: I didn't kill her!

Granda Joe: Och, you know what I mean, not kill hex.

Mary: I didn't hex her either, Da! It was just a very tragic

Granda Joe: My mother, she had the gift too, you know. By God, that woman could make her enemies drop like flies.

Mary: Well look, I don't have any gift. There's no dark forces at play here. I just said something unfortunate that happened to

Sarah: Cause her death?

Mary: Coincide with her death!

(Erin and Orla stand by the sink.)

Erin: Right, well, that's the dishes done. Would you like another cup of tea there, Mammy?

Mary: No, I'm fine.

Erin: I'll just grab the Hoover and give the stairs a bit of a going over.

Orla: (eating a lolly) And I'll maybe do a bit of dusting.

Mary: What's gotten into you two? What are you up to? What do you want?

Erin: Nothing. We just thought that we should pull our weight a bit more, Mammy.

Orla: You do so much for us, Aunt Mary.

Erin: And you deserve a bit of a break.

Mary: I can't hex people, girls. It was an accident!

(Gerry walks in.)

Gerry: So how's the wicked witch of the North West?

Granda Joe: Who put 50p in the eejit?

Mary: God, how am I going to go to this wake?

Granda Joe: It'll be grand, love. But listen, see if things do get heated? Try not to rise to it. The last thing we want is another dead body on our hands, here.

Mary: I'll do my best, Da.

[At the wake, in Eamonn's house. Sarah, Mary, Joe, Gerry and Colm walk in. Sarah is wearing a fancy black dress.]

Eamonn: So good of you to come.

Mary: (shaking Eamonn's hand) God, this is a big turnout.

Eamonn: Well, Mammy was just so well liked.

Mary: Right. Really?

Eamonn: I suppose because she was the life and soul, wasn't she? Full of the joys, always laughing.

Granda Joe: We're talking about Bridie here, aren't we?

Mary: Yes, Da.

Eamonn: Look, Mary, there's something I need to say.

Sarah: Is this about the curse, Eamonn?

Eamonn: Sorry?

Sarah: Because Mary's saying she didn't do it and that's good enough for us.

Mary: That's the truth, Eamonn! I wouldn't know where to start with all that carry-on!

Eamonn: No, Mary, no, I was just going to say that my poor mother, God bless her and keep her

Granda Joe: Amen.

Eamonn: Well she didn't mean what she said at the wedding.

Mary: Oh please, you don't need to explain.

Eamonn: You were worried I'd think you'd put a curse on her?

(Sarah laughs.)

Mary: Well

(Eamonn laughs awkwardly.)

Eamonn: That's hilarious.

Mary: Aye.

Eamonn: I mean, obviously, a curse was my first thought. But I looked into it and Mammy's death, it doesn't meet the official requirements. (nodding) So you're completely in the clear on that front, Mary. Nothing to worry about at all.

Mary: (wincing awkwardly) Great.

[In Eamonn's kitchen. Two ladies are cooking.]

Gerry: We've brought some bits. Should we just leave them here?

(The ladies ignore him.)

Sister Michael: Genius.

Gerry: Sister! How are you?

Sister Michael: Well, I'm at a wake, Mr. Quinn, so I've had better evenings.

Gerry: Did you know Bridie, then?

Sister Michael: No. But I believe your wife put some sort of curse on her.

Gerry: Well, no. Not exactly.

Sister Michael: You're not a tongue person, are you?

Gerry: I'm sorry?

Sister Michael: I'm on communion duty. Christ, but I cannot stand the tongue people! I mean, what's all that about? You can't lift a wafer into your own mouth? You need me to do it for you?

Gerry: Right, yeah, that That must be tough.

Sister Michael: Father Thomas usually deals with the wakes, but he's very sick at the minute. Bedridden, in fact.

Gerry: God! What caused it?

Sister Michael: Jack Daniels, mostly.

Gerry: I see.

Old woman: I'll take them.

(She takes the food off Gerry.)

Gerry: Lovely stuff.

Old woman: I need six rounds of cheese and ham, four rounds of egg and cress and three rounds of tuna. Cut the cheese and ham in triangles, the egg and cress in rectangles, and the tuna Well you can freestyle.

(Gerry looks alarmed.)

Sister Michael: I'd get buttering if I were you.

Gerry: Grand, so

(Gerry starts making sandwiches.)

[In the room with the dead body. Erin and Orla stare down at the body.]

Orla: She really suits being dead, doesn't she?

Erin: What?

(Clare opens the door.)

Clare: (whispering) Can we come in?

(Michelle and James peer in behind Clare.)

Erin: Why are you whispering?

Clare: (whispering) I don't know.

(Clare, Michelle and James walk into the room.)

Erin: Thanks for coming, guys. It's nice to have a bit of support at this very difficult time.

Michelle: You thought she was a dick.

Erin: I never said that!

Orla: You did, Erin.

Clare: Aye, I definitely heard you say it!

James: (looking stressed) Okay, can I just check something? Everybody else can see the dead body, right?

Erin: It's just Bridie!

(Orla gazes at the dead body lovingly.)

James: It's Bridie's corpse. It's Bridie's dead corpse.

Michelle: It's her wake. What were you expecting?

Erin: Haven't you ever seen a dead body before?

James: Of course not!

Michelle: (scoffs) Christ, but the English are weird.

Orla: You can touch her if you want.

James: Why the hell would I want to touch her?!

Orla: It's nice.

(James looks disturbed.)

James: Stop it!

Clare: It's just a dead body, James. We're all going to be one someday.

James: (sarcastic) Oh, thanks for that, Clare. Yeah, that's helped.

Michelle: It really makes you think, doesn't it? Death. It just It makes you want to do everything, and just, like, try everything.

Clare: What's going on, Michelle?

Michelle: Do yous want to see something class? (opens her bag)

(Orla stares intensely at the bag.)

Clare: What is it?

Michelle: Prepare yourself, girls.

(Michelle opens a box of scones and shows the others.)

Erin: Scones.

Michelle: That's right.

Erin: What's so class about scones?

Orla: (smiling) Scones are lovely.

Clare: Aye, I like scones.

Michelle: These aren't any old scones, girls. These are funny scones.

Orla: Aye, they do look like good craic, in fairness.

Erin: Funny scones?

Clare: (frantic) They're drug scones! She's put the drugs in the scones!

Michelle: Too fucking right, I have! I wanted to do brownies but this was the only recipe my Ma had, so

Clare: We talked about this, Michelle. We agreed!

Michelle: No, we didn't. Anyway, drugs aren't illegal when you put them into food. Everybody knows that.

James: Is that right? I'm not sure that's right.

(Erin looks at the scones indecisively.)

(Old woman walks into the room.)

Old woman: Any cups up here?

(Michelle looks worried.)

Old woman: I'll take that.

(She takes the weed scones and walks out of the room with them.)

Michelle: What the fuck just happened?!

[In Eamonn's kitchen. Gerry is working hard.]

Old woman: Three cheese and tomato on brown bread.

Gerry: Brown, right, got it.

Old woman: Four salad on white.

Gerry: Salad, white. Hang on! Are they rectangles or triangles?!

Old woman: Two with no onion.

Old woman 2: We're low on vol-au-vents, Gerry!

Old woman 3: Here, that quiche isn't cooked, Gerry!

Gerry: Sweet suffering Jesus.

[In Eamonn's living room.]

Uncle Colm: And, now, I don't mind a bit of a breeze, if anything I prefer it, but thon was aggressive.

(Sister Michael stares painfully at Colm as he tells her his story.)

Uncle Colm: So, I says to myself, says I, Colm, this is no day for a do

Sister Michael: What's happening?

Uncle Colm:  for, when the bride arrived, and, as I say, by this stage the wind was fierce

Sister Michael: Am I dead?

Uncle Colm: I've never heard wind like it.

Sister Michael: Is this my wake?

Uncle Colm: Howling like a banshee, it was.

Sister Michael: Am I in hell?

Uncle Colm: So, the poor girl, the bride now, this is, she arrives anyway and isn't she no sooner out of the car than she's lifted up in the air like a paper doll, and blown into a flowerbed.

Sister Michael: (smiling thoughtfully) That's actually quite funny.

[Time lapse.]

(Granda Joe is eating a scone.)

(The kids sit on the stairs.)

Clare: What are we going to do? What in under God are we gonna do?!

Michelle: It's fine.

Clare: It's definitely not fine! There's drug scones down there! If people eat the drug scones then we'll have drugged those people, Michelle!

Michelle: So? Drugging people isn't a crime.

James: You've a very loose grasp of the law, Michelle.

Erin: What kind of person brings hash scones to a wake?

Michelle: Typical. I try and do a nice thing and this is the thanks I get.

Clare: It's terrible. There's old people down there. What if an old person takes one?!

Michelle: Why does everybody get so sentimental about old people?! Old people are arseholes!

Erin: We have to get them back.

Michelle: Look, I'm not disagreeing with you. I bought that stuff so I could get high, not your great uncle Colm.

Erin: Christ, can you imagine?

Orla: Hold on a minute, where did the scones go?

Erin: Okay. I'll head for the kitchen and grab whatever's still there. The rest of you look out for any ones that have gone rogue. And remember be subtle.

(Orla pats her trousers, looking for scones.)

(They all walk down the stairs and start mingling.)

Orla: (to an old woman) I need to take your scone.

Clare: (to Sister Michael) The thing is, I just have so many questions about God, about life after death.

Sister Michael: (rolling her eyes) Go away please. (raises scone to her mouth)

Clare: And I try to silence my doubts, I really do, but lately

Sister Michael: I don't believe it.

Old woman: (to Orla) Why?

Orla: (lifts her finger to the old woman's lips) I'm not allowed to say.

Old woman: Okay.

(Orla happily takes the scone and walks away.)

Clare: (to Sister Michael) What's wrong, Sister?

Sister Michael: (sniffing the scone) Are these cinnamon?

Clare: Do you like cinnamon?

Sister Michael: (shaking her head and putting the scone down) I can't be doing with cinnamon.

Clare: Then, that's what they are! Absolutely! 100%!

(Clare grabs Sister Michael's scone and runs away.)

[In the kitchen. Gerry is working with the three old women.]

Gerry: (furious) Where are me scallions?! How do you make a salad sandwich if you don't have scallions?! I asked for them ten minutes ago! Come on now, people! Let's get it together, please! And there's a multipack of Taytos still waiting to be bowled up! No cross contamination this time. I want cheese and onion in one bowl, salt and vinegar in another!

(Erin walks in, looking worried.)

Gerry: It is not that difficult, folks!

(Erin notices the scones on the counter. She approaches them.)

Granda Joe: Listen here, you.

Gerry: (looking concerned) Yes, Joe?

(Granda Joe walks over to Gerry and puts his hand on his shoulder.)

Granda Joe: I just want to say (he chuckles giggily in Gerry's face) I think you're doing a fine job. (he squeezes Gerry's cheek) Keep up the good work.

(Gerry looks shocked and confused. Erin looks guilty.)

[In the room with the dead body. Sarah and Mary stand over it.]

Mary: After all was said and done, she wasn't a bad oul soul. I was actually quite fond of her, you know. And I really hope she's up there now, looking down on us both, thinking What in under Christ?!

Sarah: Aye, me too, Mary.

Mary: No, Sarah. Look! The earrings. Look at the earrings!

Sarah: God, aye. I wouldn't have put a drop on her, now, she doesn't have enough neck. She'd have been better with a stud.

Mary: They're Mammy's. She's wearing Mammy's earrings!

Sarah: So they are! How did she get them?!

Mary: She probably swooped in like a vulture before Mammy drew her last breath. And now the oul bitch (turns to make sure no one's at the door)  is getting buried in them! Has the woman no shame?!

Sarah: Earrings like that don't deserve to be buried alive! It's a sin!

Mary: She is doing this to spite us, you know.

Sarah: What should we do?

Mary: I don't know.

Sarah: (whispering) We could replace them with exact replicas.

Mary: Right. We don't have exact replicas is the thing, though.

Sarah: That's true enough, Mary, true enough.

[In the bathroom. The kids are crowded around the toilet, throwing scones in.]

Michelle: I can't believe we're doing this. It's fucking heartbreaking! (she smells one)

Erin: Look, Granda's had one and now he's acting really, really weird.

Michelle: You're being paranoid, Erin.

Erin: He was nice to Daddy.

Michelle: (alarmed) Jesus!

Erin: Exactly. And if my ma starts asking questions

Michelle: Your ma won't trace it back to us.

Erin: Are you for real? She traces everything back to us! She traces things we haven't even done back to us!

Clare: Are you sure this'll work?

(Orla eats part of a scone.)

James: This is how you get rid of drugs, Clare. I've seen Goodfellas, like, twenty times.

Orla: Naw, it's not the only way. I watched this film once about this girl who was trying to hide drugs and what she did was, she shoved them right up her

(Clare looks disgusted.)

Michelle: I'm not sticking a scone up my hole, Orla. I'll tell you that for nothing.

Clare: Okay, I'm gonna flush.

Erin: Go for it!

(Clare flushes.)

Erin: Is it working?!

James: Of course it's working.

Clare: Is the water rising?!

Erin: Jesus Christ! Why's the water rising, James?

James: I don't know! The water didn't rise in Goodfellas!

Michelle: Fuck! We've clogged it!

Orla: Who has a plunger?

Erin: I'm afraid I left the house without my plunger tonight, Orla.

Orla: Aye, me too. Nightmare, so it is.

(The water fills the toilet. The kids all shout and jump back.)

[In the room with the dead body.]

(Sarah and Mary are pulling at the earrings on Bridie's body.)

Sarah: You mind your own ear, Mary! Don't concern yourself with mine!

Mary: It won't budge.

Sarah: What are they, like, glued on or something?

Mary: Pull harder!

Sarah: I'm pulling as hard as I can!

Mary: Oh! I got it!

(Mary is holding the earring as Eamonn walks in.)

Eamonn: Mary, look, this is a bit awkward, but there's been a few complaints from the kitchen, about Gerry.

Mary: Och, Eamonn, how are you? What brings you here?

Eamonn: Uh, it's me mother's wake.

Mary: (laughing) Oh, God, so it is.

(Eamonn looks confused. Sarah looks surprised.)

Eamonn: What's going on?

Mary: We we just came in to do a wee decade of the rosary and, sure, didn't Sarah forget her beads.

Sarah: What am I not?

Eamonn: (to Mary) What's in your hand?

Mary: Sorry?

Eamonn: What have you got in your hand?

Mary: Nothing.

Eamonn: Let me see.

(Mary shows her empty hand.)

Eamonn: Your other hand.

Mary: My other hand?

Eamonn: Yes.

(Mary opens her hand to reveal the earring.)

Mary: God! How did that get there?!

Eamonn: Jeepers! Were you stealing Mammy's earrings?!

Mary: Actually, I think you'll find they were our mother's earrings originally, so

Eamonn: What is wrong with you?

Sarah: Oh, we were doing her a favour, Eamonn. They're not flattering.

Eamonn: For God's sake, Mary. First the curse and now this?

Mary: You said there was no curse!

Eamonn: I didn't want to make you angry, Mary! I mean, I'm about to bury my mother, a hex is the last thing I need.

Mary: Aw, for Jesus sake!

(Liquid starts dripping through the ceiling.)

Sarah: (pointing) Eugh, what is that?

[Outside the bathroom. Eamonn, Mary and Sarah walk up to the door.]

Eamonn: (opening the door) Agh!

(The bathroom is flooded. The kids turn suddenly, startled.)

Mary: Dear God

Erin: It looks worse than it is.

Eamonn: My mother was right about you people! Wild animals would have more manners!

Orla: We didn't have a plunger, Eamonn.

Eamonn: (furious) Get out! Get out, now!

(Michelle closes the toilet and they turn slowly to leave.)

[In the Quinn kitchen, after the funeral. Erin, Orla, Gerry, Mary and Sarah sit.]

Granda Joe: (walking over with tea) Not a bad sendoff in the end, I thought.

Sarah: I'm still devastated about Mammy's earrings, Mary. We were so close.

Mary: Well, they're six foot under now, so unless we dig Bridie up again

Sarah: Maybe that's not such a bad

Mary: It is a bad idea, Sarah. It's a very bad idea. I just want to forget the whole thing.

(Erin looks sad.)

Sarah: How's your scoots now, Erin love?

Erin: Aye, they're clearing up, I think.

Sarah: God, it's my worst nightmare. Getting caught out in someone else's house like that.

Gerry: I still don't understand why you had to bring all of your friends in there with you.

Erin: I panicked, Daddy.

Mary: Can we please stop talking about Erin's scoots? We're about to have our tea.

Granda Joe: Oh, I meant to say, I had one of these scones at the wake, and, honest to God, I've never tasted anything like it.

(Erin looks worried. Granda Joe sets a plate of scones on the table.)

Granda Joe: So, I bagged us up a couple.

Sarah: Lovely.

(Orla enthusiastically takes a scone.)

Orla: Happy days.

(Sarah takes a scone.)

Gerry: Don't mind if I do.

(Gerry takes a scone.)

Mary: (holding out her plate) Pass us one, there, would you Erin?

(Erin looks distraught as she stares at the plate.)

EPISODE 5

[In the assembly hall at school.]

Jenny's friends: (singing) doo-bee-doo-bee-doo-bee-doo-bee-doo-bee-doo-bee-doo!

Jenny: (singing) It's Monday morning!

Jenny's friends: (singing) It's Monday morning!

Jenny: (singing) Hip-hip-hooray!

(Michelle watches on in disgust.)

Jenny's friends: (singing) Hip-hip-hooray!

Jenny and friends: (singing) Let's get going, it's a brand new day!

(Erin looks shocked.)

Jenny: (singing) It's Monday morning!

Jenny's friends: (singing) It's Monday morning!

Jenny: (singing) Come on, let's go!

Jenny's friends: (singing) Come on, let's go!

Jenny and friends: (singing) Paint on a smile, and start the show!

Jenny and friends: (singing) Dum-dum-dum-dum. Oh, Monday morning!

(Orla looks horrified and leans into a random girl beside her.)

Jenny and friends: (singing) There ain't nothing, that I-I-I can't do!

(Sister Michael looks mortified.)

Jenny's friends: (singing) Doo-bee-doo-bee-doo!

Jenny: (singing) On Monday morning!

Jenny's friends: (singing) Monday morning!

(James looks astonished.)

Jenny: (singing) Oh, Monday morning!

Jenny's friends: (singing) Monday morning!

Jenny and friends: (singing) Monday morning, I love you-ou-ouuu!! (jazz hands)

(The song ends and everyone sits in silence.)

Sister Michael: (Taking a deep breath) Lovely. And I believe you wrote the lyrics yourselves. Is that correct?

Jenny: It is indeed, Sister.

Sister Michael: Do you ever think you might have too much time on your hands, girls? Lose the jackets.

(Jenny and her friends take off their jackets as Sister Michael makes her way to centre stage.)

Sister Michael: (reading) Just a couple of things. Firstly, I'd like to introduce Mae Cheung. Can you make yourself known, please, Mae?

(Mae raises her hand as Erin and Clare turn to look at her.)

Sister Michael: Miss Cheung's family have recently moved here to Derry, so I hope you'll all make her feel very welcome. It's bound to be a bit of a culture shock, Mae. Things are done differently in this part of the world.

(Erin looks impressed. Clare looks delighted.)

Sister Michael: But I'm sure you'll feel as at home here as you did back in your beloved... Donegal.

(Clare's smile drops slightly.)

Sister Michael: Announcement from Jenny Joyce and the dance committee. The school social event of the year is fast approaching, but before you don your glad rags... and... boogie... on down... I'm sorry, I simply cannot read this.

(Sister Michael walks to the side of the stage, handing the script to Jenny.)

Jenny: (enthusiastically) But before you don your glad rags, and boogie on down, we'd like to let you in on our little secret. We're not actually going to have a school formal this year.

(Crowd gasps.)

Jenny: No, listen. We're not going to have a school formal. We're going to have...

Jenny's friends: (singing) Doo-bee-doo-bee-doo-bee-doo-bee-doo-bee-doo-bee-doo!

Jenny: A fifties prom!

Girl: What?!

Michelle: Wise up!

Jenny: I know, I know, but I do love a theme. Sure isn't that why people call me the theme queen?

Clare: Do they?

Michelle: Do they fuck!

Jenny: We want it to have a real old-school, retro, vintage vibe, so feel free to just go for it!

Michelle: Feel free to kiss my hole.

[In the school corridor.]

(The girls see Mae Cheung by her locker.)

Clare: Okay, so I say we just go over there and be ourselves, girls. Well, not totally ourselves. We should definitely be a bit ourselves. We could also pretend we're sort of better than we actually are.

(Michelle rolls her eyes.)

Clare: So I suppose what I'm saying is we could sort of present a version of ourselves that's less...

Erin: Crap.

Clare: Precisely.

Michelle: Why do we even have to talk to her?

Clare: Because she's new, Michelle!

Michelle: Eugh, I hate people I don't know.

Clare: And in case you hadn't noticed, she also happens to be Chinese. I mean, how class would it be to have a Chinese friend?!

Orla: We could keep her in my toy box!

Erin: No, we couldn't, Orla.

Orla: Oh, she'd definitely fit!

Erin: That is not the point.

Michelle: Fine, but can we agree it's on a strict one-in, one-out basis? If she joins the group, James has to leave.

Clare: Of course!

Erin: Fine.

Orla: Absolutely.

James: (looking offended) Excuse me.

(The groups approaches Mae. Clare smiles and waves enthusiastically while speaking Chinese.)

Mae: Is she all right?

Michelle: (sighs) Burning for you, Clare.

Clare: It's Cantonese.

Mae: Right, well I'm from Donegal and we speak English there.

Michelle: If you say so, Mae, but I spent a summer in Killybegs, and seriously? Not a fucking word.

Clare: We just wanted to introduce ourselves, and-

Mae: Okay, I think I see where this is going. I get this a lot. Dull white girls wanting me to join their gang because... well... (points at her face)

Erin: We're not dull.

Mae: Sure.

James: And I'm actually a boy.

Mae: Wow, she has a really fucked up accent.

Michelle: We know.

Mae: (sighing and folding her arms) What's in this for me? What are you bringing to the table?

Orla: Cream crackers?

Mae: I'm good for cream crackers, thank you. (closing her locker) I'll see you around, girls.

(Mae starts to walk away.)

Orla: Maybe we don't need a Chinese person. We've already got a lesbian.

Mae: (suddenly turning around) What? Who?

Clare: (raising her hand) Me.

Mae: Really? You don't look like a lesbian.

Clare: What do you mean?

Mae: Just that you're a bit... short.

Clare: Well, there's no height restrictions, as far as I'm aware.

Mae: Interesting. I've always wanted a gay friend. I mean, ideally a fella, but...

Jenny: Howdy, folks!

Michelle: Christ.

Jenny: I'm Jenny. This is Aisling. We just thought we'd introduce ourselves and see if...

Clare: Too late, Jenny. She's ours.

Jenny: I see. Look, these girls are great, but I do have a pen pal from the Carribean, so perhaps my circle is a little bit more diverse?

Clare: Back. Off.

Jenny: (handing Mae a slip of paper) Think it over. Give me a call. Oh, and FYI, the prom queen vote closes today.

Michelle: FY-nobody-gives-a-shit!

Aisling: Here's the wee ballot.

Erin: (looking at the ballot) I see you've thrown your hat into the ring, Jenny.

Jenny: I had my arm twisted. But feel free to tick my box.

Michelle: Dirty bitch.

[In the street.]

Michelle: Well, this prom's going to be a full-blown dick fest. You know there isn't even going to be a DJ? Apparently Jenny hired this fucking pensioner band.

(Orla happily waves at someone on the street.)

Erin: Christ. Really?

Michelle: I heard the drummer is at least thirty!

James: I don't feel so bad about missing it now. It clashes with my thing.

Michelle: The creep convention? Seriously?

James: It's not a creep convention.

Michelle: Well, I think a load of perverts getting together to wank over some fella, who fights with hoovers and rides aliens in a telephone box, is the very fucking definition of a creep convention.

James: It's a Doctor Who night. Me and my stepdad used to watch it when I was little.

Michelle: Well someone should have called social services then James!

Clare: (upset) You're not going to the prom then, James? Well, I was going to ask you to be my date!

(Michelle looks disgusted.)

James: I'm sorry, Clare.

Michelle: You were going to ask James to be your date? What the fuck's wrong with you?

Clare: Well it's a bit more complicated for me!

Michelle: You're a lesbian, Clare. Not desperate.

[In the shopping mall.]

Clare: Well, now I don't know who to ask.

Michelle: Tell me about it. There's at least five fellas that fancy the arse off me, but I just can't choose.

Clare: Yeah, that's definitely the same.

Erin: I'll be your date, Clare.

Clare: But, Erin, people might talk. They might get the wrong idea.

Erin: Let them. We need to break down these ridiculous conventions.

Clare: Are you sure?

Erin: I'd be proud to have you on my arm.

Clare: (beaming) Thank you.

(The girls walk into a diner.)

Erin: Oh, God. John Paul's over there. Christ, but it's been so awkward since we broke up.

Michelle: For fuck's sake, Erin. He kissed you on the cheek at Kerry Coyle's sixteenth birthday party and then passed out in a puddle of his own boke.

Erin: Yeah, he missed the boat, all right.

Michelle: I'm sure the fact that he's poking a model is some consolation.

(They sit down at a table.)

Erin: Okay, Cara is not a model. She has done SOME modelling. There's a difference.

Orla: I heard she's going to be on Baywatch.

Erin: She is not going to be on Baywatch, Orla.

Michelle: I heard that too. The Baywatch thing.

Clare: So did I.

Erin: They don't have people from Derry on Baywatch, okay? We're just too pasty. Look, it was never going to work out between me and John Paul. I realise that now. Because I'm looking for an intellectual connection, and he wants-

Michelle: (nodding) To ride a model.

Erin: She is not a model.

Clare: (looking startled) Oh my God!

Erin: What?

Clare: It looks like they're breaking up!

Cara: I can't do this anymore!

John Paul: Why?!

Erin: Jesus! Are they really? Are they breaking up?

(Cara gets up and walks away.)

Erin: They are! They're breaking up! This is class.

Clare: What?!

Erin: Later!

(Erin walks towards John Paul's table.)

Clare: Erin, what are you doing?!

Michelle: She has no respect for herself. And coming from me...

Clare: That is bad.

Michelle: Exactly.

(Erin is standing over John Paul. He cries into his hands.)

Erin: Hey. Hey. HEY!

John Paul: Jesus Christ!

Erin: Sorry. What happened there was... well, I slightly misjudged the level of my own voice, I think.

John Paul: You're grand, I was in a world of me own.

Erin: (sitting down) Everything okay?

John Paul: Yeah, yeah.

Erin: You sure?

John Paul: Oh yeah.

Erin: Really? It's just, I couldn't help but notice that you and Cara were sort of breaking up a bit, there.

John Paul: Yeah. I mean, it's all cool.

Erin: Really?

John Paul: It was mutual. It was definitely a mutual thing. Although, maybe she wanted to mutually split up a bit more than I did.

Erin: I see.

John Paul: Now, I'm just not sure it was the right decision.

Erin: It definitely was!

John Paul: We just got each other, you know? I mean, she's so cool, and smart.

Erin: Smart? Really?

John Paul: And she's a model, for Christ's sake.

Erin: She's done SOME modelling.

John Paul: I'm just wondering whether I should, like, go after her and try to sort it out?

Erin: You definitely shouldn't do that.

John Paul: Really?

Erin: Yeah, it's needy. What you should do is take your mind off it.

John Paul: (smiling through his tears) Okay, cool. Sweet. (his smile drops) How?

Erin: Go out with me. I mean, go out with us. Me and my-my friends. We're going to this prom thing on Saturday night.

John Paul: A prom? Sounds sort of...

Erin: Shit?

John Paul: Formal.

Erin: Oh no, it's not. It's actually not at all. It's actually very informal. It's actually really, like, laid-back, chilled, "who gives an F-" kind of thing. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal AT ALL.

(John Paul smiles through his tears again. Erin smiles.)

[In the Quinn kitchen.]

Erin: (following Mary around) This is a huge deal. This is a massive, massive deal. I'm going to the prom with John Paul O'Reily, for God's sake. Oh, come on, Mammy!

Mary: I don't care if you're going to the prom with John Paul the second, Erin. I'm not buying you another frock. End of story.

Erin: But Mammy, you don't understand.

Mary: There's nothing wrong with your Easter dress.

Erin: There is lots of things wrong with my Easter dress.

Mary: I mean, it matches Orla's.

(Orla stands in the living room with her Easter dress on while Sarah measures her.)

Erin: That being the main one.

Orla: Honestly Erin, I think we'll look so cracker if we both rock in wearing these.

Erin: Right. Well, I don't.

Sarah: Och, Mary, you'd think the wain's been dropped into it. You wouldn't nip it in a bit for her? I'd do it myself but sewing plays havoc with my acrylics.

Mary: Fine.

Erin: I really like this fella, Mammy.

Mary: Well, if he really likes you, it won't matter what you wear.

Erin: Och, come off it!

Sarah: Have you a date lined up, Orla?

Orla: I do, aye.

Erin: (looking confused) What? With like, a human?

Orla: Yeah.

Ian Paisley on TV: This document is an insult to the majority of people of Northern Ireland!

(Gerry is watching TV and Joe walks in.)

Gerry: All right, Ian, we get the idea like.

(The TV suddenly loses signal. Gerry sighs, getting up to check.)

Granda Joe: What are you footering at?

Gerry: The picture's just gone a bit, sort of...

(Joe thumps the TV.)

Gerry: Dear Jesus!

Granda Joe: You have to give it a bit of a shock now and again. (he hits it again) You have to keep it on its toes.

Gerry: I'm not sure you do have to keep it on its toes, Joe. It's a television!

(Joe continues to thump the TV.)

Gerry: Okay, okay, okay! I'm just going to turn it off and turn it on again. That usually does the trick.

(Gerry turns the TV off and on again.)

Gerry: There we go. Hmm? There doesn't seem to be anything happening now.

Granda Joe: This stupid prick's broken the TV, Mary!

(Mary runs in, panicking.)

Mary: For God's sake, Gerry!

Granda Joe: He's been footering.

Gerry: Excuse me. You're the one that was thumping it repeatedly, Joe.

Granda Joe: I'll thump you repeatedly!

Mary: Well the pair of you better sort it out. London's Burning's on in twenty minutes.

Sarah: God, Mary, but them poor fellas are flat out with fires, so they are. Jesus, but they never get a minute.

(Joe continues to thump the TV.)

Mary: Aye, it's a good job they keep themselves in such great shape.

Sarah: Aw, don't, Mary. That Greek fella.

(Mary smirks and slaps Sarah on the arm.)

Mary: He could throw me over his shoulder any day of the week.

Erin: Boke-o-rama!

[In the shopping mall.]

Erin: I hate to do this, Clare.

Clare: (angry) I said it's fine.

Erin: Really?

Clare: I'm happy for you.

Erin: Okay, it's just you don't sound happy for me.

Clare: Well, I am. I'm over the moon!

Erin: Great, because me and John Paul are just at a really crucial point in our relationship.

Michelle: You've strong-armed him into taking you to the prom, Erin. Doesn't mean you're in a relationship.

Erin: We'll see about that.

Mae: (walking up to the girls) Hiya! So, this is where the gays hang out, is it?

(Orla nods happily. Clare shakes her head and giggles.)

Mae: So, what's happening?

Michelle: Erin's just sacked Clare as a prom date so she can take the fella she fancies.

Mae: Bad craic, Erin. Very bad craic.

Erin: That is not true.

James: Isn't it?

Erin: Well, I mean, there is some truth in it.

Mae: Come with me.

Clare: Really?

Erin: Really?

Mae: Really. It'll be a laugh. And I'm definitely an upgrade. (to Erin) Just a wee joke there.

Erin: Yeah, it was. It was dead funny.

Mae: (to Clare) What do you say?

Clare: Sounds good to me.

Mae: Great! All sorted.

(Orla and James look delighted.)

Michelle: Okay, now that Mae has officially joined the group, we need to give James his notice.

(James' smile drops.)

James: What?

Michelle: I personally think a week's more than generous.

Orla: (smiling) Me too.

James: (looking upset and offended) Orla!

Orla: Oh, I'm sorry, James, but Chinese people are just better than English people.

(The group walk through the mall.)

Erin: Right. I say we hit Primark first.

Mae: Classy.

Erin: Yeah, well, we have about 17.50 between us, Mae, so needs must.

Michelle: It's grand, I swiped my ma's credit card.

James: Is that grand? Or is it actually a criminal offence?

Michelle: Look, we'll just whack a couple of dresses on it, don't take the labels off, and wear them to prom, then return them the next day. The money will be back in her account as quick as it went out.

Clare: No way, Jose!

Michelle: It's totally grand, Clare. I do it all the time. You just have to make sure that you don't, like, spill anything on it, or, like, sweat.

[In a dress shop.]

(James is holding dresses and almost falling asleep. Erin walks out of the changing room in a skin-tight blue dress.)

Erin: What do you think of this one?

Michelle: I dunno. I'm not sure it's you, really.

Erin: (struggling to walk) Good. I don't want to be me.

Clare: (holding up a blue dress and a pink dress) Which of these do you like best?

Erin: Definitely the pink.

Mae: Has to be the blue.

Clare: (looking at Erin spitefully) Yeah, I thought the blue.

Michelle: (trying on a dress) This doesn't do my baps any justice.

Clare: Have you decided who you're bringing yet?

Michelle: Well I've narrowed it down to two. There's big Johnny Kells who works in Dunnes. Thick as fuck, but a massive, massive ride. Then there's this other fella, he's not as thick, but he's also not as hot, although I have heard he is really good with his hands. And when I say he's good with his hands, I'm not talking about putting up shelves, girls. I'm talking about...

James: (bored) Everybody knows what you're talking about, Michelle.

Michelle: Fingering. (looking smug)

James: Honestly!

Mae: I can't find anything I like.

Orla: (from the changing room) Well, I'm just so torn. I mean, I love my Easter dress, but this is cracker too. 

(Orla jumps out of the changing room in a purple and orange jumpsuit.) 

Orla: There is just nothing that doesn't suit me.

[At the till paying for the dresses.]

(Mae spots a red dress behind the counter.)

Mae: Oh my God! That's the one! (to the cashier) Can I try that one, please?

Cashier: Sorry, love, that's been left over for someone.

Mae: What?

(Jenny walks in with balloons.)

Jenny: Hiya! Sorry, guys, I can't stop.

Michelle: Nobody wants you to.

Jenny: Just grabbing a few wee bits for the prom, sure you know how it is!

(The cashier begins packing the red dress into a bag.)

Mae: Oh, I was actually about to try that one on.

Jenny: (paying) Well, I left it over, so...

Mae: It's just that red's my colour.

Jenny: Yeah, mine too.

Mae: No, you don't understand. I really, really suit it.

Jenny: Yeah, so do I.

(The cashier hands the bag to Jenny.)

Mae: Garnet's actually my birthstone.

Jenny: Well, ruby's mine, so...

Mae: (aggressive) I want that dress, Jenny.

Jenny: Well, you can't have it.

(Michelle and Orla gasp. Erin smiles at Mae smugly. Jenny walks out.)

Mae: Bitch!

[In the shopping mall.]

Mae: (angrily) I cannot believe she wouldn't even let me try it on.

(Clare scoffs in agreement.)

Erin: Yeah, well, she did leave it over, so...

Clare: She so knew it would look better on you.

Mae: Exactly.

Clare: I heard the whole prom queen thing's rigged as well. I heard she's set it up so she can win it.

Mae: Fuck me, what a total dick! She shouldn't be able to get away with that.

Erin: Look, the only reason we're having a prom is because Jenny organised it.

Clare: So?

Erin: So, if she wants to be prom queen, let her be prom queen.

Mae: Why are you sticking up for her?!

Erin: Why are you slagging her off?!

Michelle: Erin, all we do it slag off Jenny.

Erin: Yeah, well, we've the right to slag her off. We put the hours in. You can't just show up one day and join in!

Clare: (stops and turns to Erin) Mae's one of us now, Erin.

Erin: Mae's an arsehole.

Clare: That's out of order, Erin! She's Chinese, for God's sake!

Erin: She's from Donegal. And can't you see what she's doing? "Oh, I'll take you to prom. Oh, the blue dress is better."

Clare: Oh my God. Are you jealous?

Erin: (chuckling) Yeah, I'm going out with the biggest ride in Derry, but I'm jealous of you and your new friend? Yeah, that's definitely what's happening!

Clare: It does seem like that's what's happening, actually.

Erin: You know what? I don't need this. I'm going.

Clare: Good.

Erin: Grand.

Clare: Great.

Erin: Fine.

(They smirk sarcastically at each other and Erin storms off. She suddenly turns and walks the other way.)

Erin: I went the wrong way.

[In the Quinn living room.]

(Orla sits in her prom/Easter dress.)

Sarah: Now, close your eyes, I'm just gonna give you a wee light mist, just so it holds for you.

(Sarah sprays Orla's hair with two hairspray bottles.)

Orla: Ooh.

Mary: Och, Sarah, you'll choke the wain!

(Orla coughs. Erin walks in uncomfortably in her blue skin-tight dress.)

Erin: What do you think?

Mary: God aye, it's different, isn't it?

Erin: Different? What does that mean?

Mary: It was nice of Michelle to lend it to you, love, but it just doesn't look very comfortable.

Erin: It's really comfortable, actually. (stumbles across the room) It's like a second skin.

Orla: I wish you would wear your Easter frock, Erin. When we were wee, we always went to parties dressed the same.

Erin: We're not wee, anymore, Orla.

Orla: Aye...

(Erin hands Mary a sheet of paper.)

Mary: What's this?

Erin: It's some guidelines. Things you are and aren't allowed to say to John Paul when he gets here.

Mary: Right.

(Mary scrunches the sheet of paper into a ball. Erin looks appalled.)

Sarah: What time's your date arriving at, Orla, love?

(Granda Joe appears wearing a white suit.)

Granda Joe: He's already here.

(Joe spins happily, showing off his suit.)

Erin: (smiling) You asked Granda to the prom?

Orla: Well, everyone kept saying you have to ask a fella you really like, and he's the fella I like the most.

(Joe bows.)

Sarah: (smiling warmly) Och, Orla, love.

Gerry: You're looking well, Joe.

Granda Joe: It's not all shite you talk, Gerry. (turning to Erin and Orla) Should we head?

Erin: John Paul's picking me up at seven. You go on. We'll see you there.

(Orla runs over to Joe and takes a flower from him. Erin sits down awkwardly at the kitchen table to wait. Mary and Sarah look at her with concern.)

[In the school hall. The prom has begun and a band is playing onstage.]

(Clare and Mae walk in together.)

Clare: Wow, Jenny's done some number in here!

Mae: Dick. Don't worry, she won't get away with it.

Clare: What?

Mae: The prom queen thing. Let's just say she'll be wearing red, all right.

Clare: What does that mean?

Mae: Nobody crosses me, Clare.

(Mae walks away.)

Clare: Mae, wait!

(Michelle runs up to Clare.)

Michelle: You look hot.

Clare: Thank you.

Michelle: No, I mean like, actually hot. Like, physically hot. You better not be sweating in that dress, Clare. They won't give me a refund if there's a whiff off it.

Clare: I'm not sweating!

Michelle: Let me check.

Clare: Get off me! (shoves Michelle aside)

Michelle: Christ, I'm at my wits end trying to keep them two lads apart.

Clare: What? You didn't bring both boys to prom, did you, Michelle?

Michelle: I couldn't make up my mind! I thought I could just stick them in two separate corners and go between them, but they won't fucking keep put!

Clare: Imagine that! It's almost like they have their own free will!

Michelle: Tell me about it, it's a fucking nightmare!

[In the Quinn kitchen.]

(Erin watches the clock. It's after seven.)

[In the school hall.]

(Orla and Joe have arrived.)

Michelle: Jesus, Joe, you're looking well!

Granda Joe: Aye, I know.

Orla: Why isn't anyone dancing?

Michelle: How're you supposed to dance to this old shite?

Granda Joe: Come on, Orla. We'll show them.

(Joe and Orla happily approach the dancefloor and perform a full fifties dance routine. People start joining them on the dancefloor. Clare watches, smiling.)

Michelle: (spots her two dates arguing) Jesus Christ!

Clare: What's wrong?

Michelle: They're talking to each other now. They're actually fucking talking to each other! (runs over, leaving Clare)

(A boy approaches Clare.)

Boy: Are you Clare?

Clare: That's right.

Boy: Hi, I'm Kris. I'm here with Tara Martin. She's... Oh God, where's she gone? (smiles) Tall, blonde, wears glasses?

Clare: Ah, trampy Tara?

Kris: We've just started seeing each other, actually.

Clare: Oh, no, not that kind of trampy. No, we just call her that because she's got quite a heavy gait. You should listen out for it. Anyway, what can I do for you?

Kris: Well, I see you're hanging out with Mae?

Clare: That's right.

Kris: So, I know Mae from back home.

Clare: From China?

Kris: No. Donegal.

Clare: Yes. Right, sorry.

Kris: No worries. Yeah, Mae went to my school. Did she ever tell you why she had to leave?

Clare: HAD to leave?

[In the Quinn kitchen.]

(Erin is still waiting. Time passes from half seven to half eight. Erin looks upset.)

Erin: He's not coming.

Mary: Och, love. (reaching out to hold her hand)

Erin: I'm gonna go and change.

Mary: Maybe leave it another few minutes.

Erin: I want to get out of this thing.

(Erin awkwardly gets up and starts walking towards the stairs. Mary looks sad. The doorbell rings and Erin stops in her tracks, pulling herself together. She answers the door and James stands there in a suit, smiling.)

James: Your mum rang me.

Erin: But what about your creep convention?

James: Okay, it's not a creep convention, and it's not important. Shall we go?

Erin: Can you give me one minute?

(James nods, smiling. Erin goes upstairs. James paces the floor waiting for her. She emerges in her Easter dress, taking James' arm as they leave.)

[In the school hall.]

(Orla and Joe are still dancing. Clare frantically approaches Michelle.)

Clare: Michelle, listen.

Michelle: Well that backfired.

Clare: What?

Michelle: The lads. They worked it out. They've gone to the pub, together.

(Erin and James enter.)

Clare: Look, there's a guy here, he knows Mae and...

Michelle: (to Erin and James) What's going on? Aw, don't tell me. Wank features stood you up?

Erin: Yeah.

Clare: I'm sorry, Erin.

Erin: No, I'm sorry. You were right. I was jealous. Mae's just so cool and exotic and you liked her so much and...

Clare: She's deranged.

Erin: What?

Clare: I met this guy that went to her school, he said she had to leave for, like, being a bully. He said she's seriously unhinged! I think he's a bit pissed off with her to be honest, and I can't blame him because she's giving the Chinese population in Donegal a really bad rap.

Michelle: Typical Donegal man. Always moaning.

(James spots Mae.)

James: There she is.

(Mae stealthily walks onto the stage.)

Michelle: What's she doing?

Clare: She was talking about how she wasn't gonna let Jenny get away with the whole prom queen thing.

James: Jesus Christ, look! Above the stage, look. She's not gonna do a Carrie!

Michelle: Fuck-a-doodle-doo!

Clare: What's a Carrie? What does that mean?

James: You've never seen Carrie?

Clare: No.

Michelle: Aw, it's some film, Clare.

Erin: Amazing.

Orla: (approaching) Aye, you should check it out!

Clare: Expand and explain. Expand and explain!!

(Band stops playing.)

James: So Carrie is voted prom queen and this bully pours a bucket of pig's blood on her.

Clare: Jesus Christ!

James: I mean, lots of other stuff happens too, but that's the sort of relevant bit.

(Aisling walks onto the stage.)

Aisling: Can I have your attention please?

(The group look worried.)

Aisling: And now, the moment we've all been waiting for, it's time to crown our prom queen!

(Mae stands backstage holding a rope.)

Erin: Holy shit!

[In the Quinn living room.]

Mary: How long are we supposed to go on like this, Gerry?

(Gerry is on the floor behind the TV as Mary and Sarah watch him.)

Gerry: I am trying my best.

Mary: We've already missed Coronation Street.

Gerry: Well, every cloud, as they say.

Mary: I've warned you before, Gerry. You say another bad word about Coronation Street and you may leave this house and never return!

Sarah: And you'd have my full backing on that, Mary.

Mary: God only knows what else we've missed.

Gerry: We won't have missed anything!

(The TV comes on.)

Gerry: Yes!

News reporter: And tonight's main story again. A historic evening for Northern Ireland. As of midnight tonight, after twenty-five years the IRA have called a ceasefire. In a statement released earlier this evening, they said there would be a complete cessation of all military operations.

Mary: (to Gerry) What did I tell you?

Sarah: Aye, well done Gerry.

(Gerry is speechless.)

Aisling: And our prom queen is... Jenny Joyce!

(Jenny looks shocked and excited as the girls begin to panic.)

Clare: We have to do something!

(Jenny walks onto the stage and Aisling crowns her.)

Jenny: Thank you so much.

(The rope creaks.)

Erin: Quick!

Jenny: I'd just like to say a few words. Firstly, this is such an honour.

Clare: (backstage with Mae) Mae! Stop!

Mae: Piss off, Clare!

(Clare jumps in and grabs the rope from Mae. Mae fights for the rope. Erin, James and Michelle run onstage.)

Erin: (cutting Jenny off) Lovely words, Jenny, well done!

(The girls try to push Jenny out of the way but Jenny won't move.)

Michelle: Come on, Jenny. Don't milk it, now.

Aisling: Get off her! What is this?

(Mae and Clare continue fighting over the rope.)

Mae: Bite my eye! Traitor!

James: (to Jenny) Have you ever seen Carrie?

(Mae and Clare lose their grip on the rope. Tomato juice pours over Jenny, Erin, Michelle, James and Aisling. The crowd gasps.)

Erin: It's pig's blood. It's pig's blood!

James: No, I think it's tomato juice.

Michelle: What the fuck am I supposed to do?! (gesturing to her dress) They'll never take this back now!

Jenny: Why would you do this?

Erin: It wasn't us! This wasn't us!

Aisling: Yeah, right.

(Jenny starts fighting with Erin. Michelle starts fighting with Aisling. Granda Joe and Orla watch as they eat popcorn. Clare and Mae continue to fight backstage.)

[On the street. The people of Derry cheer and celebrate.]

Radio: The statement has raised hopes for peace and an end to twenty-five years of bombing and shooting that has led to the deaths of more than three-thousand people.

(Sister Michael listens to the radio in her office, smiling.)

Radio: The British Prime Minister, John Major said, "We are beyond the beginning but we are not yet in sight of the end."

(Mary and Gerry bring cups of tea out to the street, where people are still drinking and celebrating. Some people graffiti a peace sign on the sign "YOU ARE NOW ENTERING FREE DERRY".)

(The girls continue to fight on the stage.)



EPISODE 6

[On the street. People are putting up an American flag.]

[In the Quinn living room. The Christmas tree is up, decorated with American flags.]

Radio: The president of the United States, Bill Clinton, a committed supporter of the peace process, will visit with both sides of the community during his trip to Belfast before travelling to Londonderry.

(Erin smiles excitedly.)

Granda Joe: (running in) He's here! He's here! He's handed!

Mary: I know he has, Da! And look at the state of the place!

Granda Joe: I better tell Jim across the road. (runs out)

Mary: Christ, I'm at my wit's end!

Gerry: Firstly, he's not coming to Derry until tomorrow.

Mary: Have you seen the heck of those skirting boards, Gerry? I'd need a week to tackle them!

Gerry: And secondly, I think it's unlikely he'll call to our house.

Mary: He might call, Gerry.

Sarah: (smoking) Aye, he might take a notion.

Gerry: I think presidential visits are quite carefully planned. I'm not sure there's an awful lot of room for notion-taking.

Mary: Hope you're right, Gerry, for it's like Beirut in here. (picks up a mug) I mean, when's the last time these were bleached?

(Sarah hands her cigarette to Orla and she begins to plait her hair.)

Mary: I couldn't hand Hillary that.

Sarah: I'd say she keeps her place shining, Mary.

Mary: Sure she'd put you to shame.

(Granda Joe enters again.)

Granda Joe: Right, we need to clear this table. Jim's bringing his equipment over.

Gerry: What equipment?

Mary: Them oul radio transmitters he collects. Him and Daddy think they can tap into the CIA's system on them.

Gerry: Excuse me?

Sarah: Jim really buzzes off radio contact.

Gerry: You canna tap the CIA, Joe.

Granda Joe: It'll make tracking Clinton down much easier.

Gerry: Right. I don't think the CIA enjoy people tracking the President down. I think they can get funny about that type of stuff.

Granda Joe: Well let them try and bloody stop me!

Gerry: They will stop you, Joe. They're the CIA.

Granda Joe: I won't miss my chance! Not again! You hear me, boy?

Gerry: What the hell is he planning to do?

Mary: When JFK came to Dublin, Uncle Colm met him, Daddy didn't.

Granda Joe: Things are gonna be different this time, I tell you.

Gerry: JFK spoke to Colm? Christ, that man didn't have much luck, did he?

Erin: I'm not sure any of us will get to meet Bill or Hillary.

Gerry: Some sense, at last.

Erin: They'll be far too busy. That's why we've decided to take Chelsea off their hands.

Gerry: What?

Orla: We're going to bring her to Lisnagelvin swimming pool.

Erin: The wave machine's been fixed!

Mary: Lovely.

Orla: I hope she remembers her swimming cap, Erin. They've got dead strict about swimming caps.

Sarah: And that wain has some head of hair on her.

Gerry: Dear Jesus.

[In the assembly hall at school.]

Clare: Any word from Chelsea?

Erin: Not yet. And we sent that letter over a week ago.

Clare: Are you sure you got the address right?

Orla: Chelsea Clinton, The White House, America.

Clare: It just doesn't make any sense.

Michelle: Did you send it first class?

Erin: We're not made of money, Michelle.

[Time lapse.]

Jenny: (singing) Christmas time.

Aisling: (singing) Silent night.

Jenny: (singing) Mistletoe and wine.

Aisling: (singing) Holy night.

Jenny: (singing) Children singing Christian rhyme.

Jenny and Aisling: (singing) With logs on the fire and gifts on the tree, a time to rejoice (Jenny shakes tamborine) in the good that we see. (Jenny hits triangle)

Michelle: That totally just wrecked my buzz.

Sister Michael: Great stuff altogether. A fitting rendition of what I consider to be the most God awful song ever written. Just one announcement today, girls. I'm sure many of you will have guessed what it's about. Although tomorrow is not officially a public holiday, schools across the city have decided to view it as such. Because tomorrow, the President of the United States of America is coming here, to Derry.

(Clare smiles with delight.)

Sister Michael: You're a little young to perhaps understand the enormity of this. A few short months ago, this would have been unimaginable.

(Erin smiles proudly.)

Sister Michael: But here we are. And I for one can barely believe it.

(Michelle and James smile.)

Sister Michael: I mean, people in this place stop killing each other for five minutes and the whole world loses the absolute run of itself! This visit concerns me for a number of reasons, girls, but mostly because I am scared it will give the Pope ideas, and that's the last thing I need. No. Our Lady Immaculate will play no part in this farce. And I expect to see you all here tomorrow morning, business as usual. Is that clear?

(Silence.)

Sister Michael: Is. That. Clear?!

Crowd: (miserably) Yes, Sister Michael.

Sister Michael: (blesses herself) The Father, Son, Holy Spirit.

[In the corridor.]

Clare: She can't do this. She simply cannot do this.

Michelle: Well, she's done it, Clare.

Clare: But it's history! She's making us miss history!

Orla: Och, but I really wanted to find out what that Cromwell fella got up to next. I really enjoy him!

Clare: Not history class, Orla. Real history. History being made!

Erin: And Irish people aren't allowed to enjoy Oliver Cromwell, Orla.

Orla: Why?

Michelle: Because he was a fucking arsehole!

James: Look, Bill doesn't even get here until four o'clock tomorrow.

Michelle: "Bill"? Who are you, his ma?

James: We've got plenty of time, is all I'm saying.

Clare: Do you know how packed that Guildhall Square is gonna be, James? You'd have to camp overnight just to get a glimpse of him.

Erin: Chelsea will sort us out.

Clare: Och, I'm not even sure I trust Chelsea anymore!

Michelle: Aye, Chelsea might be flaky.

Orla: She does have crafty eyes.

Erin: Okay, I'm not comfortbale with the Chelsea-bashing, girls.

Clare: This is the biggest thing that's ever happened here. That's ever likely to happen here. We should be a part of it!

Michelle: We will be.

Clare: Are you suggesting we play truant?

Michelle: Okay, normal people don't call it that, but yes, yes I am.

Clare: You know what, girls? Sometimes, in order to do the right thing, you have to do the wrong thing. And on this occasion, right is wrong, and wrong is right!

Michelle: What the fuck are you on about? Are you gonna sack off school or not?

Clare: Let's do it!

[In Dennis's Wee Shop.]

(Dennis holds up a flag. Clare counts the stars on it.)

Dennis: That'll be 1.99.

Clare: Right.

Dennis: Is there some sort of a problem here, girls?

Clare: Not a problem, as such. More of a question, really.

Dennis: And you think I'm here to answer questions, do you? Who am I? Magnus fucking Magnusson?

James: (smiling) He doesn't answer questions, he asks them.

Dennis: Pipe the fuck down.

(James looks sad.)

Erin: It's just, it's pink, white and purple, Dennis.

Dennis: So?

Erin: Well, it should be red, white and blue.

Dennis: Says who?

Michelle: The rest of the world.

Clare: There's also quite a few stars missing.

Dennis: No, there's not.

Clare: There's only thirty stars here. I mean, there should be fifty, just because the stars represent the states, so-

Dennis: Some of them left.

Erin: Some states left?

Dennis: That's right.

Erin: Some states left America?

Dennis: Yep.

Michelle: When did this happen?

Dennis: The other day.

Orla: God, that's desperate.

Erin: I dunno, I just feel like if twenty states left the USA, we might have heard about it.

Dennis: Ah, they didn't want to make it into a big thing. So these are the new, modern, up-to-date flags. They've just brought them out.

Erin: Okay. It's just, well, I'm not convinced that's actually true.

Dennis: Well why would I lie?

Michelle: Because you bought a fuck load of dud flags and you're trying to get rid of them.

Dennis: GET OUT!!

(The girls run out.)

Erin: What first attracted him to a career in retail, do you think?

(A car pulls up beside the girls. A woman is inside.)

Woman: Hello there. Why don't you hop in?

(Erin looks scared and no one says anything.)

Woman: Och, come on now. Don't be shy.

Erin: Help! Stranger! Stranger danger!

Michelle: Jesus Christ, Erin!

Erin: Help! This woman is trying to abduct us!

Clare: Help! Fire! There's a fire!

Michelle: Fire? What the fuck are you on about?

Clare: It gets more attention! I read it somewhere!

Erin: KIDNAPPER!!

Clare: HELP! FIRE!

Orla: Help! There's a kidnapper on fire!

Michelle: Will yous all just shut the fuck up? It's fine! She's not a kidnapper.

Erin: Well, who is she?

Michelle: My Aunt Cathy.

(Cathy smiles at James.)

James: (looking shocked) Hello, Mum.

(The girls look shocked.)

[In the Quinn kitchen.]

(Joe, Colm and Jim have headphones on, deep in concentration. Mary, Gerry and Sarah are watching TV.)

Gerry: What exactly is the plan over there?

Mary: They're trying to discover the location of the presidential base camp.

Gerry: Does that mean which hotel he's staying in?

Mary: Think so, aye.

(The door opens and Erin and Orla walk in excitedly.)

Mary: What kept you two?

Erin: We have some serious scandal, Mammy!

Mary: I'm not interested in any of your oul schoolgirl gossip, Erin.

Sarah: I am.

Erin: We just met James' mammy.

Mary: Cathy Maguire's back? Really?

Orla: She tried to set us on fire.

(Mary, Gerry and Sarah get up.)

Gerry: She did what?!

Erin: She didn't!

Mary: Jesus, but she's no shame.

Sarah: Tell me this, wains. How were the eyebrows?

Erin: What do you mean?

Sarah: The eyebrows. Were they looking well?

Erin: I didn't really notice her eyebrows.

Sarah: Cathy Maguire had the best eyebrows in Derry back in her day. She could've given Joan Crawford a run for her money. Isn't that right, Mary?

Mary: I've no time for Cathy Maguire. The woman abandoned her own wain, Sarah. She always was one cold, self-serving wee madam.

Sarah: I'm not talking about her. I'm talking about her eyebrows. Cathy and her eyebrows are two separate entities.

Mary: All right. Don't be getting worked up.

Sarah: Well I just think you should be able to compliment a woman's eyebrows without having her personality dragged into it.

(The doorbell rings. Erin goes to answer it.)

Mary: Fine. Her eyebrows were exceptional.

Sarah: Thank you.

Erin: (shouting) It's Uncle Colm!

Gerry: Dear God, no.

(Uncle Colm walks in.)

Mary: Everything all right, Colm?

Uncle Colm: Aw God, aye. Well, the oul knee's giving me a bit of jip, but sure, I'll not bore you with the details.

Gerry: I doubt that.

Uncle Colm: I felt a twinge there this morning and I says to myself, says I, "Colm, you'll need to get that seen to. You can't let that go," for, and you'll maybe not remember this, girls, but Maggie Murphy felt a twinge on a Monday, and on the Thursday of the very same week, sure didn't she drop dead at the bingo, and her sitting on a full house too. But, sure, you can't take it with you, as they say. God rest her soul.

Mary: Is there something we can do for you, Colm?

Uncle Colm: Oh, I just called round to help with this CIA business.

Granda Joe: (looking angry) Who told you about that?

Jim: I did, Joe.

Granda Joe: Why?

Jim: Look, Colm's met JFK. He has experience with presidents. He'll know what to do.

Granda Joe: No chance! I'm sorry, Colm, but you can't be part of this. If you meet Bill Clinton, you'll be a president up. You'll have two presidents to my one. I can't have you getting ahead of me president-wise.

Sarah: One of his presidents is dead, Daddy.

Granda Joe: It still counts.

Jim: (listening carefully) Ssh!

Granda Joe: I'll only have to even things up again.

Jim: Sssh, Joe.

Granda Joe: I can't spend the rest of my life traipsing about after bloody presidents. I've other things to be at, girls.

Jim: Shut up, Joe!

Granda Joe: What the blazes is wrong with you?! Mouth!

Jim: I think I've got something.

(Mary looks shocked.)

Granda Joe: Don't toy with me now, Jim.

(Joe puts his headphones on. The radio crackles. Erin looks scared.)

Jim: Aye. It was a CIA agent, all right. He said they're taking Bill back to base, and I know where it is!

Granda Joe: We need to move quickly.

Jim: (to Gerry) You still okay to drive us?

(Gerry looks taken aback.)

Gerry: What?

Granda Joe: We need someone to stay in the car, in case things don't go to plan.

Gerry: So, a getaway driver, essentially.

Jim: We're talking worse-case scenario.

Gerry: We're talking no-case scenario!

[In the car. Gerry is driving. Jim in the passenger seat. Joe and Colm are in the back. It is dark outside.]

(They drive past a sign saying 'WELCOME TO BURT'.)

Gerry: It just doesn't make any sense, Jim.

Jim: I heard him say it. As clear as day, it was.

Gerry: Burt? Why would they bring him to Burt?

Jim: Well that's what's so clever about it. Nobody's going to go looking for the president of the USA in Burt, now, are they? Sure, if you went about saying Bill Clinton was in Burt, people would think you were clean mad.

Gerry: Precisely. Look, lads, if you want my opinion...

Granda Joe: We don't!

Gerry: Grand.

Uncle Colm: This Clinton boyo is actually American's fourty-second president, which is interesting now, because JFK, well, he was the thirty-fifth.

Granda Joe: Why is that interesting?

Uncle Colm: Well, it's not really, I suppose. Sometimes I'll just say something to get me from one sentence to the other, Joe. You know how it is.

Jim: It should be just up here on the left.

Uncle Colm: I'm not sure what number Nixon was, now, or the man, what do you call him? The beardy fella in the hat. The one that knocked the oul slavery on the head?

Gerry: Lincoln.

Uncle Colm: The very boy. But then there was the twenty-seventh...

[Time lapse. It is morning. Joe has fallen asleep.]

Uncle Colm: America's thirtieth. And then there was the lad they named all the vacuum cleaners after.

Gerry: Jesus wept. How much further, Jim?

Jim: It should be just up here on the left.

(They pass the same 'WELCOME TO BURT' sign that they passed the previous night.)

Gerry: We're back in the same place.

Uncle Colm: And Kennedy, of course, the poor critter.

Gerry: How?

Uncle Colm: Lovely fella. Hands on him like shovels.

Gerry: How the feck are we back in the same fecking place?!

Granda Joe: (waking up) What's going on?

Gerry: I've driven one-hundred-and-seventy-eight miles and I'm back where I was five fecking hours ago, Joe, that's what's going on!

Granda Joe: You stupid bloody eejit!

Uncle Colm: Thon Reagan character, he was another.

Gerry: (furious) STOP LISTING PRESIDENTS, COLM!!

Granda Joe: He'll list presidents if he wants to list presidents!

Jim: Aw, there it is! Roscarna Road! That's it! That's what they said!

Granda Joe: Well spotted, Jim.

Uncle Colm: Good man yourself, Jim.

Gerry: (sarcastic) Where would we be without you, Jim?

[In the Quinn kitchen.]

Sarah: Daddy and Gerry not back yet?

Mary: They must have had a few drinks and lost track of time. Sure, you know what Bill's like.

Sarah: God, aye, any excuse to whip out the oul saxophone.

(Mary is cooking. Erin and Orla are eating toast.)

Erin: We better hit the Guildhall.

Mary: A bit early, are you not?

Erin: Clare's been there since five this morning, Mammy. It's gonna be jammed.

Sarah: (sitting down) Anything from Chelsea, girls?

Orla: Not a dickie bird, Mammy.

Erin: It's her loss. That wave machine is absolutely cracker.

Sarah: Och well, at least yous were given the day off, sure, that's something.

Orla: We weren't given the day off, Mammy. We're playing truant.

Mary: (smiling) Very good, Orla.

Sarah: Truant. What is she not, Mary?

(The doorbell rings.)

Mary: (shouting) It's open! 'Mon in!

(Michelle, James and Cathy walk in.)

Michelle: All right?

James: I hope you don't mind, Mrs. Quinn, but... (pointing at his mum)

Sarah: Och, Cathy, it's yourself.

Cathy: Long time, girls.

Mary: It is, indeed. (looking Cathy up and down)

Sarah: And fair play to you, Cathy. You've kept them eyebrows shipshape, so you have. Credit where credit's due.

Cathy: Och, you're too kind, Sarah.

Sarah: I'm serious. They're in great nick. That must be some comfort to you.

Cathy: I'm sorry?

Sarah: We heard about your wee divorce. Nightmare.

Cathy: Yeah, it was a difficult decision, but Paul, my ex, well he just became so controlling.

Mary: Jesus, really?

Cathy: He was unbearable towards the end. It was always, "oh Cathy, why did you stay out all night?" or, "Who was that man you were having dinner with, Cathy?" He was very insecure.

Mary: Wonder why.

Cathy: I mean, James' father was the same. I just seem to attract the possessive, jealous types. I don't know what it is.

Sarah: It's the eyebrows.

Cathy: Anyway, I hate to impose on you, but um, I just need to make a quick call, and unbelievably, my sister doesn't have a phone.

Michelle: She got rid of it when we racked up that massive bill ringing Russell Grant's horoscope hotline. He didn't see that coming!

Cathy: James said that you wouldn't mind if I just...

Mary: Of course not. Work away.

Cathy: You're a brick. Let me just find my filofax.

Sarah: (to Mary) A brick?

Mary: Are you staying with your Deirdre, then?

Cathy: Yes, I am. It's a bloody nightmare, if I'm being honest. I'd forgotten just how small these little houses are. I really don't know how you do it.

Mary: Oh, we struggle through, Cathy, in our teeny-tiny house.

Cathy: But it's all worth it if I get to see my big, handsome boy!

(James smiles.)

Cathy: He's going to be the only man in my life from now on.

Mary: Aye, right.

Cathy: I've just missed him so much.

Mary: Well, you did dump him here quite a long time ago.

James: Mum's had a lot going on.

Cathy: Yeah. I've actually just started my own business. It's been a real passion project, a real labour of love! And it's really starting to take off now, so...

Mary: Right. And what sort of area is it?

Cathy: Self-adhesive labels.

Mary: Stickers?

Cathy: I design high-end self-adhesive labels.

Mary: You make stickers.

Cathy: For bespoke gift packages.

Mary: You're a sticker maker.

Cathy: No, they're not stickers exactly.

Sarah: And would there be much money in sticker making, Cathy?

Cathy: They are not stickers! (smiling fakely) Labels. They're labels.

James: (proudly) I think it's gonna do really well.

Erin: We better get going before Clare cacks herself.

(The kids all get up.)

Cathy: (to James) Go on, love, you do your thing. See you later.

Sarah: Here, before you head, I got you a couple of American flags. They're on the sideboard there.

(The girls go to pick up the flags.)

Erin: Thank you, Sarah.

Sarah: They're the new ones, so they are. They've only just brought them out.

(Erin picks up Dennis' dud flag in frustration.)

Orla: (impressed) Yes!

[In Burt.]

Granda Joe: Bill? (knocking on a window) You in there?

Jim: (looking through the window) No sign of life, Joe.

Gerry: What are ye at?

Granda Joe: I thought I told you to stay in the car.

Uncle Colm: Would it be worth, maybe, checking next door, Jim?

(Gerry turns around.)

Gerry: Right. So the Clintons are staying in a taxi rank in the arsehole of nowhere is the thinking now, is it?

Jim: It is, Gerry, aye.

Gerry: Fantastic.

[In the taxi rank.]

Granda Joe: Excuse me, son.

Man: Where to?

Granda Joe: We were just wondering, have you seen the Clintons knocking about around here?

Man: The Clintons?

Jim: We have reason to believe they're staying in this vicinity.

Man: What would the Clintons be doing in Burt?

(A man walks in.)

Man: Heading to the chapel, Bill?

Bill: Aye.

Man: (into mic) Anybody free to pick up Bill from base? Over. Anybody near base at all? Over.

Over radio: All right, back in five.

Man: Five minutes, Bill.

Bill: (nodding and smiling) Good.

Gerry: Now, Jim, would you be open to the following possibility at all, that it may not have been a CIA agent you were picking up on that transmitter of yours. That there is in fact a good chance it was a taxi dispatcher from Burt, ordering a car here to bring Bill to mass?

Jim: He did have a strong Donegal accent, now that you mention it.

Granda Joe: Jesus, Jim!

[On the street. The crowds gather.]

(Clare stands at the railing with a cut lip. A woman approaches her and Clare shakes her head, turning her away. Clare looks pleased with herself.)

(Michelle, Erin, James and Orla approach. Erin has a flag round her neck. Orla has a flag on her head and has USA written backwards on her forehead.)

Clare: It's the best spot. I got THE best spot!

Erin: What happened to your face?

Clare: See that bitch over there? (gestures towards a child)

Erin: That wee girl?

Clare: She tried to muscle in. Things got ugly. She'll think twice next time.

Erin: You didn't fight that wain, did you, Clare?

Clare: I did fight that wain, Erin, and I'll fight that wain again if I have to.

Michelle: What the fuck is wrong with you?

Clare: People have been circling this spot like vultures. I've managed to hold them off so far, but it's only going to get tougher. We must show no weakness. We must be as one.

Michelle: Are you on glue?

Clare: Come on, link up!

(Michelle, Erin and Orla hesitantly link up with Clare. James doesn't move.)

Clare: Come on, James!

James: I need to talk to you. To all of you.

Clare: Later, James.

James: It can't wait.

Michelle: Just fuck up and link on.

James: I'm leaving. I'm going back to London with Mum.

(The girls look shocked.)

Erin: When?

James: Now. I have to go now. The taxi's booked. I'm sorry. It was all decided so quickly...

Orla: I don't understand.

(Erin looks devastated.)

Michelle: He's not serious.

James: I am.

Orla: You can't leave, James.

James: Look, this was always gonna happen. This was never my real life. It was just something that got in the way of it.

Erin: What are you talking about? You love it here.

James: I'm not sure I do. I think I've just developed Stockholm syndrome.

Michelle: Catch yourself on. You've never even been to Switzerland.

James: Listen. I'll never forget this place. But I have to go home now. It's time. Goodbye, girls.

(James turns and walks through the crowd.)

Michelle: (separating herself from the other girls) Oh, I don't fucking think so somehow, dickface!

(Michelle runs through the crowd and finds James under a bridge.)

Michelle: Oy, wank features!

James: Michelle, please.

Michelle: Goodbye, girls? Wise the fuck up!

James: What do you want me to say?

Michelle: She'll let you down again, you do realise that?

James: She's asked me to be a partner in her business, actually, Michelle, so...

Michelle: Now it makes sense. She needs you to help flog her fucking stickers.

James: Self-adhesive labels.

Michelle: Free labour. That's what she's after. You know she only thinks about herself, James. And when it doesn't work out, what then?

James: It will work out! Anyway, it's not like I belong here. I never did.

Michelle: That's not true. You're a Derry Girl now, James.

James: Piss off.

Michelle: I'm serious. It doesn't matter that you've got that stupid accent, or that your bits are different to my bits, but because being a Derry Girl, well, it's a fucking state of mind! And you're one of us.

James: I have to do this.

Michelle: But I don't want you to.

James: She's my mum, Michelle.

Michelle: Well, fuck off then.

(James looks upset as he walks away.)

(Michelle begins to cry.)

[At the school.]

(Sister Michael walks down an empty corridor.)

(Jenny and Aisling sit alone in a classroom.)

Jenny: This is shocking. I mean, what is everybody playing at?

(Aisling rolls her eyes.)

Aisling: What are we playing at?

Jenny: I'm sorry?

(Aisling gets up from her seat and picks up her bag.)

Aisling: Come on, Jenny. For once the world'll be watching us for all the right reasons.

Jenny: But you'll get into trouble, Aisling.

Aisling: I don't care.

(Jenny looks shocked as Aisling happily walks out of the classroom.)

[On the street.]

(James looks uncertain as he gets into the taxi.)

[In the crowd.]

Crowd: (chanting) We want Bill! We want Bill! We want Bill! We want Bill!

(The girls stand at the front of the crowd, looking miserable.)

[At the school.]

(Jenny still sits alone in the classroom as Sister Michael walks in.)

Sister Michael: What are you doing here?

Jenny: You told us we had to come in, Sister.

Sister Michael: Ah, for God's sake, Jenny. You need to learn when to push back.

Jenny: What?

Sister Michael: Get out of here. Go on, now.

(Jenny walks out.)

[In the crowd.]

Crowd: (chanting) We want Bill! We want Bill! We want Bill! We want Bill!

[In the taxi, leaving Derry.]

(James looks upset and uncertain.)

Cathy: You'll be glad to get out of this dive, love. I know I am.

[In the crowd.]

(Bill enters. The crowd cheers.)

[Shot of the taxi driving through the countryside.]

[In the crowd.]

(The crowd continues to cheer.)

Man: And now, ladies and gentlemen, it is my pleasure to introduce the President of the United States of America!

(The girls continue looking miserable.)

(Orla turns to look in the opposite direction, her expression changing to surprise.)

Orla: (pointing) I see him! I see him!

Erin: You're facing the wrong way, Orla.

Orla: No, no, look, it's James!

(Erin turns, and then gets Michelle and Clare's attention as they also turn. They smile lovingly at him at he waves down from the bridge. He shouts something.)

Michelle: What's he saying?

Clare: (chuckling) I don't know.

James: I AM A DERRY GIRL!

Man: A fucking prick is what you are!

(James briefly looks upset, and then his expression changes back to a full smile.)

(The girls run from the crowd to meet James under the bridge.)

(Orla jumps into James's arms. Michelle, Erin and Clare quickly join the embrace. They smile lovingly at James and Michelle wraps him in a flag.)

Bill Clinton: Looking out over these historic walls, I see a peaceful city, a safe city, a hopeful city, full of young people that should have a peaceful and prosperous future here, where their roots and families are.

(The kids walk away from the crowd, arms around each other, smiling.)

Bill Clinton: That is what I see, today with you.

(The crowd cheers. Shot zooms in on TVs in a shop window, displaying Clinton.)

Bill Clinton: And so I ask you to build on the opportunity you have before you. To believe that the future can be better than the past. To work together because you have so much more to gain by working together than by drifting apart. Have the patience to work for a just and lasting peace.