EPISODE 6
[On the street. People are putting up an American flag.]

[In the Quinn living room. The Christmas tree is up, decorated with American flags.]

Radio: The president of the United States, Bill Clinton, a committed supporter of the peace process, will visit with both sides of the community during his trip to Belfast before travelling to Londonderry.

(Erin smiles excitedly.)

Granda Joe: (running in) He's here! He's here! He's handed!

Mary: I know he has, Da! And look at the state of the place!

Granda Joe: I better tell Jim across the road. (runs out)

Mary: Christ, I'm at my wit's end!

Gerry: Firstly, he's not coming to Derry until tomorrow.

Mary: Have you seen the heck of those skirting boards, Gerry? I'd need a week to tackle them!

Gerry: And secondly, I think it's unlikely he'll call to our house.

Mary: He might call, Gerry.

Sarah: (smoking) Aye, he might take a notion.

Gerry: I think presidential visits are quite carefully planned. I'm not sure there's an awful lot of room for notion-taking.

Mary: Hope you're right, Gerry, for it's like Beirut in here. (picks up a mug) I mean, when's the last time these were bleached?

(Sarah hands her cigarette to Orla and she begins to plait her hair.)

Mary: I couldn't hand Hillary that.

Sarah: I'd say she keeps her place shining, Mary.

Mary: Sure she'd put you to shame.

(Granda Joe enters again.)

Granda Joe: Right, we need to clear this table. Jim's bringing his equipment over.

Gerry: What equipment?

Mary: Them oul radio transmitters he collects. Him and Daddy think they can tap into the CIA's system on them.

Gerry: Excuse me?

Sarah: Jim really buzzes off radio contact.

Gerry: You canna tap the CIA, Joe.

Granda Joe: It'll make tracking Clinton down much easier.

Gerry: Right. I don't think the CIA enjoy people tracking the President down. I think they can get funny about that type of stuff.

Granda Joe: Well let them try and bloody stop me!

Gerry: They will stop you, Joe. They're the CIA.

Granda Joe: I won't miss my chance! Not again! You hear me, boy?

Gerry: What the hell is he planning to do?

Mary: When JFK came to Dublin, Uncle Colm met him, Daddy didn't.

Granda Joe: Things are gonna be different this time, I tell you.

Gerry: JFK spoke to Colm? Christ, that man didn't have much luck, did he?

Erin: I'm not sure any of us will get to meet Bill or Hillary.

Gerry: Some sense, at last.

Erin: They'll be far too busy. That's why we've decided to take Chelsea off their hands.

Gerry: What?

Orla: We're going to bring her to Lisnagelvin swimming pool.

Erin: The wave machine's been fixed!

Mary: Lovely.

Orla: I hope she remembers her swimming cap, Erin. They've got dead strict about swimming caps.

Sarah: And that wain has some head of hair on her.

Gerry: Dear Jesus.

[In the assembly hall at school.]

Clare: Any word from Chelsea?

Erin: Not yet. And we sent that letter over a week ago.

Clare: Are you sure you got the address right?

Orla: Chelsea Clinton, The White House, America.

Clare: It just doesn't make any sense.

Michelle: Did you send it first class?

Erin: We're not made of money, Michelle.

[Time lapse.]

Jenny: (singing) Christmas time.

Aisling: (singing) Silent night.

Jenny: (singing) Mistletoe and wine.

Aisling: (singing) Holy night.

Jenny: (singing) Children singing Christian rhyme.

Jenny and Aisling: (singing) With logs on the fire and gifts on the tree, a time to rejoice (Jenny shakes tamborine) in the good that we see. (Jenny hits triangle)

Michelle: That totally just wrecked my buzz.

Sister Michael: Great stuff altogether. A fitting rendition of what I consider to be the most God awful song ever written. Just one announcement today, girls. I'm sure many of you will have guessed what it's about. Although tomorrow is not officially a public holiday, schools across the city have decided to view it as such. Because tomorrow, the President of the United States of America is coming here, to Derry.

(Clare smiles with delight.)

Sister Michael: You're a little young to perhaps understand the enormity of this. A few short months ago, this would have been unimaginable.

(Erin smiles proudly.)

Sister Michael: But here we are. And I for one can barely believe it.

(Michelle and James smile.)

Sister Michael: I mean, people in this place stop killing each other for five minutes and the whole world loses the absolute run of itself! This visit concerns me for a number of reasons, girls, but mostly because I am scared it will give the Pope ideas, and that's the last thing I need. No. Our Lady Immaculate will play no part in this farce. And I expect to see you all here tomorrow morning, business as usual. Is that clear?

(Silence.)

Sister Michael: Is. That. Clear?!

Crowd: (miserably) Yes, Sister Michael.

Sister Michael: (blesses herself) The Father, Son, Holy Spirit.

[In the corridor.]

Clare: She can't do this. She simply cannot do this.

Michelle: Well, she's done it, Clare.

Clare: But it's history! She's making us miss history!

Orla: Och, but I really wanted to find out what that Cromwell fella got up to next. I really enjoy him!

Clare: Not history class, Orla. Real history. History being made!

Erin: And Irish people aren't allowed to enjoy Oliver Cromwell, Orla.

Orla: Why?

Michelle: Because he was a fucking arsehole!

James: Look, Bill doesn't even get here until four o'clock tomorrow.

Michelle: "Bill"? Who are you, his ma?

James: We've got plenty of time, is all I'm saying.

Clare: Do you know how packed that Guildhall Square is gonna be, James? You'd have to camp overnight just to get a glimpse of him.

Erin: Chelsea will sort us out.

Clare: Och, I'm not even sure I trust Chelsea anymore!

Michelle: Aye, Chelsea might be flaky.

Orla: She does have crafty eyes.

Erin: Okay, I'm not comfortbale with the Chelsea-bashing, girls.

Clare: This is the biggest thing that's ever happened here. That's ever likely to happen here. We should be a part of it!

Michelle: We will be.

Clare: Are you suggesting we play truant?

Michelle: Okay, normal people don't call it that, but yes, yes I am.

Clare: You know what, girls? Sometimes, in order to do the right thing, you have to do the wrong thing. And on this occasion, right is wrong, and wrong is right!

Michelle: What the fuck are you on about? Are you gonna sack off school or not?

Clare: Let's do it!

[In Dennis's Wee Shop.]

(Dennis holds up a flag. Clare counts the stars on it.)

Dennis: That'll be 1.99.

Clare: Right.

Dennis: Is there some sort of a problem here, girls?

Clare: Not a problem, as such. More of a question, really.

Dennis: And you think I'm here to answer questions, do you? Who am I? Magnus fucking Magnusson?

James: (smiling) He doesn't answer questions, he asks them.

Dennis: Pipe the fuck down.

(James looks sad.)

Erin: It's just, it's pink, white and purple, Dennis.

Dennis: So?

Erin: Well, it should be red, white and blue.

Dennis: Says who?

Michelle: The rest of the world.

Clare: There's also quite a few stars missing.

Dennis: No, there's not.

Clare: There's only thirty stars here. I mean, there should be fifty, just because the stars represent the states, so-

Dennis: Some of them left.

Erin: Some states left?

Dennis: That's right.

Erin: Some states left America?

Dennis: Yep.

Michelle: When did this happen?

Dennis: The other day.

Orla: God, that's desperate.

Erin: I dunno, I just feel like if twenty states left the USA, we might have heard about it.

Dennis: Ah, they didn't want to make it into a big thing. So these are the new, modern, up-to-date flags. They've just brought them out.

Erin: Okay. It's just, well, I'm not convinced that's actually true.

Dennis: Well why would I lie?

Michelle: Because you bought a fuck load of dud flags and you're trying to get rid of them.

Dennis: GET OUT!!

(The girls run out.)

Erin: What first attracted him to a career in retail, do you think?

(A car pulls up beside the girls. A woman is inside.)

Woman: Hello there. Why don't you hop in?

(Erin looks scared and no one says anything.)

Woman: Och, come on now. Don't be shy.

Erin: Help! Stranger! Stranger danger!

Michelle: Jesus Christ, Erin!

Erin: Help! This woman is trying to abduct us!

Clare: Help! Fire! There's a fire!

Michelle: Fire? What the fuck are you on about?

Clare: It gets more attention! I read it somewhere!

Erin: KIDNAPPER!!

Clare: HELP! FIRE!

Orla: Help! There's a kidnapper on fire!

Michelle: Will yous all just shut the fuck up? It's fine! She's not a kidnapper.

Erin: Well, who is she?

Michelle: My Aunt Cathy.

(Cathy smiles at James.)

James: (looking shocked) Hello, Mum.

(The girls look shocked.)

[In the Quinn kitchen.]

(Joe, Colm and Jim have headphones on, deep in concentration. Mary, Gerry and Sarah are watching TV.)

Gerry: What exactly is the plan over there?

Mary: They're trying to discover the location of the presidential base camp.

Gerry: Does that mean which hotel he's staying in?

Mary: Think so, aye.

(The door opens and Erin and Orla walk in excitedly.)

Mary: What kept you two?

Erin: We have some serious scandal, Mammy!

Mary: I'm not interested in any of your oul schoolgirl gossip, Erin.

Sarah: I am.

Erin: We just met James' mammy.

Mary: Cathy Maguire's back? Really?

Orla: She tried to set us on fire.

(Mary, Gerry and Sarah get up.)

Gerry: She did what?!

Erin: She didn't!

Mary: Jesus, but she's no shame.

Sarah: Tell me this, wains. How were the eyebrows?

Erin: What do you mean?

Sarah: The eyebrows. Were they looking well?

Erin: I didn't really notice her eyebrows.

Sarah: Cathy Maguire had the best eyebrows in Derry back in her day. She could've given Joan Crawford a run for her money. Isn't that right, Mary?

Mary: I've no time for Cathy Maguire. The woman abandoned her own wain, Sarah. She always was one cold, self-serving wee madam.

Sarah: I'm not talking about her. I'm talking about her eyebrows. Cathy and her eyebrows are two separate entities.

Mary: All right. Don't be getting worked up.

Sarah: Well I just think you should be able to compliment a woman's eyebrows without having her personality dragged into it.

(The doorbell rings. Erin goes to answer it.)

Mary: Fine. Her eyebrows were exceptional.

Sarah: Thank you.

Erin: (shouting) It's Uncle Colm!

Gerry: Dear God, no.

(Uncle Colm walks in.)

Mary: Everything all right, Colm?

Uncle Colm: Aw God, aye. Well, the oul knee's giving me a bit of jip, but sure, I'll not bore you with the details.

Gerry: I doubt that.

Uncle Colm: I felt a twinge there this morning and I says to myself, says I, "Colm, you'll need to get that seen to. You can't let that go," for, and you'll maybe not remember this, girls, but Maggie Murphy felt a twinge on a Monday, and on the Thursday of the very same week, sure didn't she drop dead at the bingo, and her sitting on a full house too. But, sure, you can't take it with you, as they say. God rest her soul.

Mary: Is there something we can do for you, Colm?

Uncle Colm: Oh, I just called round to help with this CIA business.

Granda Joe: (looking angry) Who told you about that?

Jim: I did, Joe.

Granda Joe: Why?

Jim: Look, Colm's met JFK. He has experience with presidents. He'll know what to do.

Granda Joe: No chance! I'm sorry, Colm, but you can't be part of this. If you meet Bill Clinton, you'll be a president up. You'll have two presidents to my one. I can't have you getting ahead of me president-wise.

Sarah: One of his presidents is dead, Daddy.

Granda Joe: It still counts.

Jim: (listening carefully) Ssh!

Granda Joe: I'll only have to even things up again.

Jim: Sssh, Joe.

Granda Joe: I can't spend the rest of my life traipsing about after bloody presidents. I've other things to be at, girls.

Jim: Shut up, Joe!

Granda Joe: What the blazes is wrong with you?! Mouth!

Jim: I think I've got something.

(Mary looks shocked.)

Granda Joe: Don't toy with me now, Jim.

(Joe puts his headphones on. The radio crackles. Erin looks scared.)

Jim: Aye. It was a CIA agent, all right. He said they're taking Bill back to base, and I know where it is!

Granda Joe: We need to move quickly.

Jim: (to Gerry) You still okay to drive us?

(Gerry looks taken aback.)

Gerry: What?

Granda Joe: We need someone to stay in the car, in case things don't go to plan.

Gerry: So, a getaway driver, essentially.

Jim: We're talking worse-case scenario.

Gerry: We're talking no-case scenario!

[In the car. Gerry is driving. Jim in the passenger seat. Joe and Colm are in the back. It is dark outside.]

(They drive past a sign saying 'WELCOME TO BURT'.)

Gerry: It just doesn't make any sense, Jim.

Jim: I heard him say it. As clear as day, it was.

Gerry: Burt? Why would they bring him to Burt?

Jim: Well that's what's so clever about it. Nobody's going to go looking for the president of the USA in Burt, now, are they? Sure, if you went about saying Bill Clinton was in Burt, people would think you were clean mad.

Gerry: Precisely. Look, lads, if you want my opinion...

Granda Joe: We don't!

Gerry: Grand.

Uncle Colm: This Clinton boyo is actually American's fourty-second president, which is interesting now, because JFK, well, he was the thirty-fifth.

Granda Joe: Why is that interesting?

Uncle Colm: Well, it's not really, I suppose. Sometimes I'll just say something to get me from one sentence to the other, Joe. You know how it is.

Jim: It should be just up here on the left.

Uncle Colm: I'm not sure what number Nixon was, now, or the man, what do you call him? The beardy fella in the hat. The one that knocked the oul slavery on the head?

Gerry: Lincoln.

Uncle Colm: The very boy. But then there was the twenty-seventh...

[Time lapse. It is morning. Joe has fallen asleep.]

Uncle Colm: America's thirtieth. And then there was the lad they named all the vacuum cleaners after.

Gerry: Jesus wept. How much further, Jim?

Jim: It should be just up here on the left.

(They pass the same 'WELCOME TO BURT' sign that they passed the previous night.)

Gerry: We're back in the same place.

Uncle Colm: And Kennedy, of course, the poor critter.

Gerry: How?

Uncle Colm: Lovely fella. Hands on him like shovels.

Gerry: How the feck are we back in the same fecking place?!

Granda Joe: (waking up) What's going on?

Gerry: I've driven one-hundred-and-seventy-eight miles and I'm back where I was five fecking hours ago, Joe, that's what's going on!

Granda Joe: You stupid bloody eejit!

Uncle Colm: Thon Reagan character, he was another.

Gerry: (furious) STOP LISTING PRESIDENTS, COLM!!

Granda Joe: He'll list presidents if he wants to list presidents!

Jim: Aw, there it is! Roscarna Road! That's it! That's what they said!

Granda Joe: Well spotted, Jim.

Uncle Colm: Good man yourself, Jim.

Gerry: (sarcastic) Where would we be without you, Jim?

[In the Quinn kitchen.]

Sarah: Daddy and Gerry not back yet?

Mary: They must have had a few drinks and lost track of time. Sure, you know what Bill's like.

Sarah: God, aye, any excuse to whip out the oul saxophone.

(Mary is cooking. Erin and Orla are eating toast.)

Erin: We better hit the Guildhall.

Mary: A bit early, are you not?

Erin: Clare's been there since five this morning, Mammy. It's gonna be jammed.

Sarah: (sitting down) Anything from Chelsea, girls?

Orla: Not a dickie bird, Mammy.

Erin: It's her loss. That wave machine is absolutely cracker.

Sarah: Och well, at least yous were given the day off, sure, that's something.

Orla: We weren't given the day off, Mammy. We're playing truant.

Mary: (smiling) Very good, Orla.

Sarah: Truant. What is she not, Mary?

(The doorbell rings.)

Mary: (shouting) It's open! 'Mon in!

(Michelle, James and Cathy walk in.)

Michelle: All right?

James: I hope you don't mind, Mrs. Quinn, but... (pointing at his mum)

Sarah: Och, Cathy, it's yourself.

Cathy: Long time, girls.

Mary: It is, indeed. (looking Cathy up and down)

Sarah: And fair play to you, Cathy. You've kept them eyebrows shipshape, so you have. Credit where credit's due.

Cathy: Och, you're too kind, Sarah.

Sarah: I'm serious. They're in great nick. That must be some comfort to you.

Cathy: I'm sorry?

Sarah: We heard about your wee divorce. Nightmare.

Cathy: Yeah, it was a difficult decision, but Paul, my ex, well he just became so controlling.

Mary: Jesus, really?

Cathy: He was unbearable towards the end. It was always, "oh Cathy, why did you stay out all night?" or, "Who was that man you were having dinner with, Cathy?" He was very insecure.

Mary: Wonder why.

Cathy: I mean, James' father was the same. I just seem to attract the possessive, jealous types. I don't know what it is.

Sarah: It's the eyebrows.

Cathy: Anyway, I hate to impose on you, but um, I just need to make a quick call, and unbelievably, my sister doesn't have a phone.

Michelle: She got rid of it when we racked up that massive bill ringing Russell Grant's horoscope hotline. He didn't see that coming!

Cathy: James said that you wouldn't mind if I just...

Mary: Of course not. Work away.

Cathy: You're a brick. Let me just find my filofax.

Sarah: (to Mary) A brick?

Mary: Are you staying with your Deirdre, then?

Cathy: Yes, I am. It's a bloody nightmare, if I'm being honest. I'd forgotten just how small these little houses are. I really don't know how you do it.

Mary: Oh, we struggle through, Cathy, in our teeny-tiny house.

Cathy: But it's all worth it if I get to see my big, handsome boy!

(James smiles.)

Cathy: He's going to be the only man in my life from now on.

Mary: Aye, right.

Cathy: I've just missed him so much.

Mary: Well, you did dump him here quite a long time ago.

James: Mum's had a lot going on.

Cathy: Yeah. I've actually just started my own business. It's been a real passion project, a real labour of love! And it's really starting to take off now, so...

Mary: Right. And what sort of area is it?

Cathy: Self-adhesive labels.

Mary: Stickers?

Cathy: I design high-end self-adhesive labels.

Mary: You make stickers.

Cathy: For bespoke gift packages.

Mary: You're a sticker maker.

Cathy: No, they're not stickers exactly.

Sarah: And would there be much money in sticker making, Cathy?

Cathy: They are not stickers! (smiling fakely) Labels. They're labels.

James: (proudly) I think it's gonna do really well.

Erin: We better get going before Clare cacks herself.

(The kids all get up.)

Cathy: (to James) Go on, love, you do your thing. See you later.

Sarah: Here, before you head, I got you a couple of American flags. They're on the sideboard there.

(The girls go to pick up the flags.)

Erin: Thank you, Sarah.

Sarah: They're the new ones, so they are. They've only just brought them out.

(Erin picks up Dennis' dud flag in frustration.)

Orla: (impressed) Yes!

[In Burt.]

Granda Joe: Bill? (knocking on a window) You in there?

Jim: (looking through the window) No sign of life, Joe.

Gerry: What are ye at?

Granda Joe: I thought I told you to stay in the car.

Uncle Colm: Would it be worth, maybe, checking next door, Jim?

(Gerry turns around.)

Gerry: Right. So the Clintons are staying in a taxi rank in the arsehole of nowhere is the thinking now, is it?

Jim: It is, Gerry, aye.

Gerry: Fantastic.

[In the taxi rank.]

Granda Joe: Excuse me, son.

Man: Where to?

Granda Joe: We were just wondering, have you seen the Clintons knocking about around here?

Man: The Clintons?

Jim: We have reason to believe they're staying in this vicinity.

Man: What would the Clintons be doing in Burt?

(A man walks in.)

Man: Heading to the chapel, Bill?

Bill: Aye.

Man: (into mic) Anybody free to pick up Bill from base? Over. Anybody near base at all? Over.

Over radio: All right, back in five.

Man: Five minutes, Bill.

Bill: (nodding and smiling) Good.

Gerry: Now, Jim, would you be open to the following possibility at all, that it may not have been a CIA agent you were picking up on that transmitter of yours. That there is in fact a good chance it was a taxi dispatcher from Burt, ordering a car here to bring Bill to mass?

Jim: He did have a strong Donegal accent, now that you mention it.

Granda Joe: Jesus, Jim!

[On the street. The crowds gather.]

(Clare stands at the railing with a cut lip. A woman approaches her and Clare shakes her head, turning her away. Clare looks pleased with herself.)

(Michelle, Erin, James and Orla approach. Erin has a flag round her neck. Orla has a flag on her head and has USA written backwards on her forehead.)

Clare: It's the best spot. I got THE best spot!

Erin: What happened to your face?

Clare: See that bitch over there? (gestures towards a child)

Erin: That wee girl?

Clare: She tried to muscle in. Things got ugly. She'll think twice next time.

Erin: You didn't fight that wain, did you, Clare?

Clare: I did fight that wain, Erin, and I'll fight that wain again if I have to.

Michelle: What the fuck is wrong with you?

Clare: People have been circling this spot like vultures. I've managed to hold them off so far, but it's only going to get tougher. We must show no weakness. We must be as one.

Michelle: Are you on glue?

Clare: Come on, link up!

(Michelle, Erin and Orla hesitantly link up with Clare. James doesn't move.)

Clare: Come on, James!

James: I need to talk to you. To all of you.

Clare: Later, James.

James: It can't wait.

Michelle: Just fuck up and link on.

James: I'm leaving. I'm going back to London with Mum.

(The girls look shocked.)

Erin: When?

James: Now. I have to go now. The taxi's booked. I'm sorry. It was all decided so quickly...

Orla: I don't understand.

(Erin looks devastated.)

Michelle: He's not serious.

James: I am.

Orla: You can't leave, James.

James: Look, this was always gonna happen. This was never my real life. It was just something that got in the way of it.

Erin: What are you talking about? You love it here.

James: I'm not sure I do. I think I've just developed Stockholm syndrome.

Michelle: Catch yourself on. You've never even been to Switzerland.

James: Listen. I'll never forget this place. But I have to go home now. It's time. Goodbye, girls.

(James turns and walks through the crowd.)

Michelle: (separating herself from the other girls) Oh, I don't fucking think so somehow, dickface!

(Michelle runs through the crowd and finds James under a bridge.)

Michelle: Oy, wank features!

James: Michelle, please.

Michelle: Goodbye, girls? Wise the fuck up!

James: What do you want me to say?

Michelle: She'll let you down again, you do realise that?

James: She's asked me to be a partner in her business, actually, Michelle, so...

Michelle: Now it makes sense. She needs you to help flog her fucking stickers.

James: Self-adhesive labels.

Michelle: Free labour. That's what she's after. You know she only thinks about herself, James. And when it doesn't work out, what then?

James: It will work out! Anyway, it's not like I belong here. I never did.

Michelle: That's not true. You're a Derry Girl now, James.

James: Piss off.

Michelle: I'm serious. It doesn't matter that you've got that stupid accent, or that your bits are different to my bits, but because being a Derry Girl, well, it's a fucking state of mind! And you're one of us.

James: I have to do this.

Michelle: But I don't want you to.

James: She's my mum, Michelle.

Michelle: Well, fuck off then.

(James looks upset as he walks away.)

(Michelle begins to cry.)

[At the school.]

(Sister Michael walks down an empty corridor.)

(Jenny and Aisling sit alone in a classroom.)

Jenny: This is shocking. I mean, what is everybody playing at?

(Aisling rolls her eyes.)

Aisling: What are we playing at?

Jenny: I'm sorry?

(Aisling gets up from her seat and picks up her bag.)

Aisling: Come on, Jenny. For once the world'll be watching us for all the right reasons.

Jenny: But you'll get into trouble, Aisling.

Aisling: I don't care.

(Jenny looks shocked as Aisling happily walks out of the classroom.)

[On the street.]

(James looks uncertain as he gets into the taxi.)

[In the crowd.]

Crowd: (chanting) We want Bill! We want Bill! We want Bill! We want Bill!

(The girls stand at the front of the crowd, looking miserable.)

[At the school.]

(Jenny still sits alone in the classroom as Sister Michael walks in.)

Sister Michael: What are you doing here?

Jenny: You told us we had to come in, Sister.

Sister Michael: Ah, for God's sake, Jenny. You need to learn when to push back.

Jenny: What?

Sister Michael: Get out of here. Go on, now.

(Jenny walks out.)

[In the crowd.]

Crowd: (chanting) We want Bill! We want Bill! We want Bill! We want Bill!

[In the taxi, leaving Derry.]

(James looks upset and uncertain.)

Cathy: You'll be glad to get out of this dive, love. I know I am.

[In the crowd.]

(Bill enters. The crowd cheers.)

[Shot of the taxi driving through the countryside.]

[In the crowd.]

(The crowd continues to cheer.)

Man: And now, ladies and gentlemen, it is my pleasure to introduce the President of the United States of America!

(The girls continue looking miserable.)

(Orla turns to look in the opposite direction, her expression changing to surprise.)

Orla: (pointing) I see him! I see him!

Erin: You're facing the wrong way, Orla.

Orla: No, no, look, it's James!

(Erin turns, and then gets Michelle and Clare's attention as they also turn. They smile lovingly at him at he waves down from the bridge. He shouts something.)

Michelle: What's he saying?

Clare: (chuckling) I don't know.

James: I AM A DERRY GIRL!

Man: A fucking prick is what you are!

(James briefly looks upset, and then his expression changes back to a full smile.)

(The girls run from the crowd to meet James under the bridge.)

(Orla jumps into James's arms. Michelle, Erin and Clare quickly join the embrace. They smile lovingly at James and Michelle wraps him in a flag.)

Bill Clinton: Looking out over these historic walls, I see a peaceful city, a safe city, a hopeful city, full of young people that should have a peaceful and prosperous future here, where their roots and families are.

(The kids walk away from the crowd, arms around each other, smiling.)

Bill Clinton: That is what I see, today with you.

(The crowd cheers. Shot zooms in on TVs in a shop window, displaying Clinton.)

Bill Clinton: And so I ask you to build on the opportunity you have before you. To believe that the future can be better than the past. To work together because you have so much more to gain by working together than by drifting apart. Have the patience to work for a just and lasting peace.