EPISODE 3
[In the Quinn living room. Granda Joe is watching Take That on TV.]

Granda Joe: God almighty, I don't know what the world's coming to. Bloody perverts.

Mary: (holding the baby) You're overreacting, Da.

Granda Joe: Overreacting? That lad's got no trousers on, for Christ sake.

Sarah: (drying her tan) He has a great set of pins on him, doesn't he?

(James, Erin, Michelle and Clare sit on the sofa watching the TV and dancing.)

Mary: For God's sake. Will you close that window? We're foundered here.

Sarah: I need air, Mary. I've five layers on me.

Mary: Five layers? What are you trying to do? Change race?

Sarah: Give us a going over with the hairdryer, will you?

Mary: Indeed, I will not. I've enough to be at.

Granda Joe: Why do they keep touching themselves?

Erin: Because they're artists, Granda.

Granda Joe: Dirty English bastards is what they are. (to James) No offence son.

(Granda Joe turns the channel to the news. The kids look annoyed.)

News reporter: SDLP leader John Hume has again called for cross party peace talks.

Sarah: John's really dying for peace, like, isn't he? It's all he ever goes on about. I hope it works out for him.

Mary: Aye, I sort of hope it works out for all of us, Sarah.

(Gerry walks in.)

Gerry: Come on, girls. It's time to hit the road here. (to James) Have they roped you into going as well, son?

Michelle: Roped him? Hardly. He's riding Gary Barlow.

James: I am not! I just respect him as a songwriter, that's all.

Michelle: Aye, dead on, James. So you do.

Mary: Will we need our passports, Gerry?

Gerry: For Belfast? I don't think so, love.

Granda Joe: Belfast?

Erin: Are we not a bit early, Daddy?

Gerry: It's a two hour drive with traffic, love.

Granda Joe: (getting up in fury) This thing's in Belfast?

Erin: But it's eight hours til the doors open.

Gerry: I know, we're cutting it fine.

Granda Joe: Belfast! Sure why don't you just sell the wains into white slavery and be done with it?

Mary: Gerry will be with them, Da.

Granda Joe: Well that's worse! Sure, they hate his kind there!

Gerry: My kind?

Granda Joe: Pricks.

(Gerry looks offended.)

Mary: That is enough. They're going to the concert, Da. And that's the end of the matter.

News reporter: And finally, panic at Belfast Zoo today, when a polar bear escaped from its enclosure. The RUC have launched a widespread search and have warned residents in the local area to be extra vigilant.

Granda Joe: Now will you see sense?

Erin: Aye, Granda, 'cause an escaped polar bear's going to track us down and kill us. As if Mammy's bothered by that.

(Mary is speechless.)

[Time lapse.]

Erin: Wise up, Mammy! As if a polar bear's going to rock up at a Take That concert!

Orla: He wouldn't get a ticket, for a start. They sold out months ago.

Mary: You'd be surprised, girls.

Granda Joe: Aye, thon boys would get in where draughts wouldn't.

Gerry: Sure, the concert's nowhere near the zoo.

Granda Joe: But he's not in the zoo anymore, is he, simple Simon? He's sauntering about Belfast without a care in the world.

Sarah: Aye, keep up, Gerry.

Gerry: What I'm saying is that it would be quite a lot of ground for him to cover.

Mary: They're quick on their feet when they want to be, love.

Orla: Or someone might give him a lift.

Erin: Whose side are you on, Orla?

Michelle: Come on, Mary. If you won't let Erin go, our Mas won't let us go.

Mary: Well, neither they should! And I'll be ringing them to say as much.

(Michelle looks annoyed.)

Clare: (frantic) Oh, brilliant!

James: I hate my life.

Mary: Look girls, I know how much you were looking forward to seeing This and That.

Erin: Take That!

Mary: But there'll be other concerts.

Erin: No there won't! The fact that this one's happening is a miracle. Nobody good ever comes here 'cause we keep killing each other!

Sarah: And now we're overrun with polar bears.

Granda Joe: Where will it end?

Erin: Seriously?!

[In Erin's bedroom. The kids enter.]

Michelle: Well I'm not letting that fat, furry fuck ruin the biggest day of my life!

Erin: (sitting on her bed) What can we do?

(James, Clare and Orla sit on the bed beside Erin.)

Michelle: Right, listen, girls. I've never told anyone this before but sometimes when Robbie's being interviewed, it's like he's sending me messages through the TV, you know, like telepathically or whatever. It's like he's saying we're meant to be together.

Erin: Aye, maybe don't tell that to anyone again, Michelle. Ever.

Michelle: Look, this is too important. I'm going to that concert. I'm not afraid of a fucking polar bear!

Erin: Me either.

James: Nor me.

Michelle: Bastard!

Orla: (sucking a lollipop) I'll kill it with my own two hands if I have to!

Erin: Bring it on!

Michelle: Yes!

Clare: Okay, we seem to have gone down a weird road here, people. I think we just got a bit confused. We don't actually have to fight a polar bear, and, if we did, I wouldn't really fancy our chances because, well, they're massive!

Orla: But there's five of us, so

Clare: The point is, the polar bear's not the one stopping us going to the concert. It's our mothers, and we'll never get them to change their minds.

Michelle: We're not going to try to change their minds. We're going to do something else.

James: What?

Michelle: (smiling) Lie our holes off.

[On the bus to Belfast. Erin, Michelle, James, Orla and Clare sit in the back seats.]

Clare: (wearing a full black outfit and black hat) We're going to get caught. I just know it.

Michelle: We're not going to get caught, Clare. Because, as far as our Mas are concerned, me, you and James are round Erin's, and Erin and Orla are round mine.

Orla: But we're not round yours, Michelle. We're on the bus to Belfast.

Michelle: I can't, I cannot explain it to her again. I'm going to scream.

James: What's in the suitcase, Michelle?

(A red suitcase sits on the seat in front of Michelle.)

Michelle: Vodka.

Erin: You've brought an entire suitcase full of vodka?

Michelle: No. There's mixers as well. I'm not a savage. You can mix vodka with cider, right?

Clare: God, I am boiling!

Erin: Is it any wonder, Clare? What are you wearing?

Michelle: Yeah, you look like a fucking provo.

Clare: I don't want anyone recognising me, okay?

Michelle: No one's going to recognise you, Clare.

(Sister Michael gets on the bus.)

Sister Michael: Clare Devlin, is that you?

Clare: (panicking) Jesus Christ.

Erin: Relax, Clare. It's the weekend. She has no authority over us at the weekend. She has no right to question us, and if she tries to, I'll tell her as much.

Sister Michael: Morning, girls.

All: Morning, Sister Michael.

Sister Michael: What takes you to Belfast?

(Clare looks to Erin.)

Erin: I'm not really sure that's

Sister Michael: Speak up.

Erin: I'm not really sure that that's any of your business.

Sister Michael: I'm going to assume that was an ill-judged attempt at humour, Miss Quinn.

Erin: Yes.

Sister Michael: Now answer the question.

Erin: We're going to the museum.

Sister Michael: Which museum?

Clare: The Ulster Museum.

Sister Michael: What for?

James: A project. A history project.

(Orla looks confused.)

Sister Michael: What about?

Michelle: Ulster?

Sister Michael: (suspicious) Hmm

(Sister Michael walks away and takes a seat. The kids sigh with relief. Sister Michael turns to look at them suspiciously.)

[Time lapse.]

Clare: (pulling her hair out of her jumper) A history project! This web of lies we're spinning is getting out of control now, girls!

(Clare whips off her hat and straightens her hair.)

Michelle: It's grand, Clare. I think she bought it.

Clare: Of course she didn't buy it! She's onto us. I'm telling you. My God, I'm sweltered here.

Erin: Then take it off!

Clare: I can't take it off. I've nothing underneath it.

Erin: What, not even a bra?

Michelle: Jesus, Clare! You've no bra on?

Clare: (shouting) Of course I've got a bra on!

Orla: I haven't got a bra on.

James: Can everyone please stop saying 'bra'.

Clare: But I can hardly parade around in just my bra, can I? I'm not Madonna.

Michelle: Isn't that the truth.

Clare: What's she doing now?

James: Reading her book.

(Sister Michael reads The Exorcist and laughs.)

James: Now she's looking at the woman beside her.

(Sister Michael looks at the old woman beside her who's eating a sandwich.)

James: Now she's getting up.

(Clare looks panicked.)

James: Now she's coming this way.

(Sister Michael walks towards the kids.)

James: Now she's standing right in front of us.

Sister Michael: What's he doing?

James: Now she's asking

Erin: Stop talking, James.

Sister Michael: (pointing at the seat with the suitcase on it) I want to sit here.

Michelle: What? What, why?

Sister Michael: Well, you're just such wonderful company, girls, what with your stimulating conversation and your razor sharp wit.

Erin: Really?

Sister Michael: No, not really. The woman next to me is eating an egg and onion sandwich and the smell of it is enough to turn an orange march. (she picks up the suitcase) Christ, but this is heavy.

Michelle: Sister, no. Let me.

Sister Michael: What do you have in here, girls?

Clare: It's not ours!

Sister Michael: Not yours?

Clare: We have never seen it before in our lives. Have we, girls?

Erin: Nope.

Michelle: Never.

James: No.

Sister Michael: (turning to the front of the bus) Excuse me, everyone! Can I have your attention, please? Does anyone own this red suitcase?

(Orla raises her hand.)

All: No.

(The kids look worried.)

Sister Michael: Now, let me be clear. No one can claim this bag? Is that correct?

All: That's correct.

Sister Michael: I think we have a code red on our hands! Driver, pull over!

(The kids panic as Sister Michael walks away.)

[Outside the bus. The suitcase is on the road. The army bomb diffusers have arrived and are approaching the suitcase.]

Soldier on radio: in position. Examining suspect device now.

(Erin, James, Michelle and Clare look anxious. Orla looks excited.)

Clare: Sweet Jesus!

Erin: Aye, this isn't great.

Michelle: Ach, it's not that big a deal.

Erin: They're going to blow up an entire suitcase of vodka, Michelle!

Michelle: I know. Animals.

Orla: Their wee beekeeper costumes are so cracker!

Erin: You're unbelievable!

Clare: (fiddling with her jumper) This is so itchy now!

Michelle: Don't blame me. Blame the milk tray man.

Erin: This is really serious, Michelle. People have gone to jail for less.

James: Why is this place so mental?

Michelle: That's enough, James! You have serious fucking anger management issues, do you know that?

(There is a loud bang as the suitcase is exploded.)

Soldier: 33 Bravo this is 31 Alpha, over.

Soldier on radio: I hear you. Over.

Soldier on radio: All clear here. Over.

Soldier: Roger. Let's pack it up. Over.

(Michelle smiles with relief.)

Soldier on radio: Powerful smell of vodka down here. Over.

(The kids look worried.)

Sister Michael: Vodka, did he say? (turning to the kids) Interesting.

Michelle: Okay, we need to go.

(The kids run away and the crowd watch them in confusion.)

[On a country road. The kids walk.]

(Orla is holding a stick in the air.)

Erin: We need a better plan, Michelle.

Michelle: This is a great plan.

Erin: We cannot walk to Belfast.

Michelle: How far could it be? Have you ever seen Northern Ireland on a map? It's fucking tiny.

Clare: I have to say, I'm not overly keen on us being out in the open like this, just because of the whole There's a polar bear on the loose that could maul us to death thing!

Orla: It can try.

Michelle: Is it just me, or is that gypsy an absolute ride?

(Some gypsies stand at a stall at the side of the road.)

Erin: Michelle, you cannot say that!

Michelle: What?

Erin: They're called travellers now. You can't say gypsy anymore. It's insulting.

Michelle: Is it?

Clare: Yes. Yes, it is.

Michelle: Really?

James: Who are they?

Erin: They're just people, James. They're just people exactly like us.

Orla: Except different.

Erin: Yes. No!

Clare: That's actually racist, Orla.

Michelle: No, it's not. They are different.

Erin: They're not.

Michelle: Well, they live in caravans for a start.

Orla: Aw, I wish I lived in a caravan!

Michelle: Aye, me too. Caravans are class!

Erin: Could everybody stop being so racist, please?

James: I'm a bit scared of them. Is that racist?

Erin: Yes.

Clare: Very much so.

Michelle: Is gypsy even a race?

Erin: Traveller.

Gypsy: Well, how are you girls?

Michelle: Well, hello there.

Erin: Hi.

Clare: Good afternoon, Sir.

Michelle: Sir? What the fuck, Clare?

Gypsy: Hey, hold on!

Clare: (frantic) What does he want?

(The kids start walking faster.)

Erin: I dunno.

Gypsy: I'm talking to you!

Erin: Just walk on.

Gypsy: Hey! Are you deaf or what?

(The kids walk even faster and the group of gypsies follow them.)

Erin: Keep your heads down and keep walking.

Gypsy: Get back here!

Erin: Faster. Walk faster.

Gypsy: Am I going to have to come after ya, am I?

James: Jesus Christ, he's following us.

Michelle: Holy fuck!

Erin: Run!

(The gypsies chase the kids down the road.)

Erin: He's obviously a psychopath! Run!

Michelle: He looks fucking raging!

Clare: I don't want to die! I don't want to die!

(Clare screams frantically. Orla laughs.)

Orla: This is some craic, isn't it?

(The gypsies have caught up with the kids.)

James: Holy shit, they're fast!

(They stop running. Erin grabs Orla's stick and holds it up to the main gypsy.)

Erin: Back off!

Gypsy: What?

Erin: Back off, you heard me! I'm not messing around with this thing!

Clare: (holding up her hands) We mean you no harm, Sir!

Michelle: Seriously, Clare. The sir thing, just pack it in.

Gypsy: Why are you being so weird?

Clare: Why are you chasing us?

Gypsy: (holding out a purse to Clare) Because you dropped this.

Clare: My purse.

Gypsy: Why did you think we were chasing you?

(They are speechless.)

Gypsy: Ah right, I see. We're travellers, which means we're psychopaths?

Orla: Aw, you were right, Erin!

Erin: Shut up, Orla.

Gyspy: We run after people and beat them up for no fecking reason.

Erin: No, look, that isn't - 

Gypsy: We're travellers, so we're obviously violent.

Erin: No, not at all. Listen, we have huge respect for you and your people. You've such a strong sense of community and such wonderful, traditional values.

(A van approaches and beeps its horn.)

Rita: These lads bothering you, girls?

Erin: Yes, yes, they are!

Michelle: They're fucking madmen!

Erin: They're going to kill us.

Clare: Help us, please!

Rita: (spits) Jump in.

(The kids run to the van. Orla waves goodbye happily.)

Gypsy: Arseholes.

[Time lapse. On the road to Belfast in the van.]

(Clare looks at some CDs. Michelle hugs a Robbie cardboard cutout.)

Michelle: We totally suit.

Erin: Have you ever actually met them, Rita? Take That?

Rita: Nah, I can't stand them, if I'm being honest, but the fans are so thick they'll buy any old shite. Present company incuded.

Erin: I think you mean excluded.

Rita: Naw. Naw, I don't.

Erin: I see.

Rita: Pop music isn't really my thing, truth be told. It's all so fucking soulless. Nah. I'm a classical head, all the way, but I've been banned from trading at Glyndebourne ever since I absolutely battered that Pavarotti fan, and when I say battered I mean intellectually, like. I did kick the shit out of him as well.

(Erin looks terrified. Orla looks shocked.)

Rita: Pavo's La Boheme is very muscular, but for purity of tone you simply cannot fault Bocelli!! I mean, listen to that, girls.

(Rita turns on classical music.)

Rita: Pass us a can, there.

Erin: A can of?

(Orla passes Rita a can of beer.)

Erin: (looking worried) Oh, beer. I see.

(Rita cracks open the can and drinks while driving.)

Erin: Alcoholic beer.

Rita: Ah, that's fucking beautiful.

Erin: While driving. Okay. Fine. Good.

Rita: (taking another mouthful) Mmm! I mean, what a fucking instrument! Glorious!

(Clare looks awkwardly at a t-shirt with a spelling mistake.)

Erin: Any idea what the speed limit is around here?

Clare: Robie?!

Rita: Close your eyes, girls, and soak it up!

Erin: Sure. Of course. But maybe you could soak it up with your eyes open and, you know, on the road?!

(Andrea Bocelli continues playing as they drive down the road. Rita continues drinking, closing her eyes and crying. Erin looks terrified.)

(Clare pulls out more t-shirts, all with the spelling mistake 'Robie'.)

Clare: Erin, what are we going to do?

Erin: I don't know! She's fucking mental!

Clare: She spelt Robbie wrong on every single t-shirt!

Erin: What?

Clare: How are we going to break it to her?

(Rita drinks more beer.)

Erin: That's what you're worried about, Clare? At this very second, that's what's concerning you, a spelling mistake?!

Clare: I find it disturbing, Erin.

Rita: I tell you what, girls, I don't believe in God but, see, if I did

Michelle: Um, she's lost the plot.

Rita: (crying) That's what he would sound like!

Michelle: We should have took our chances with the gypsies.

Erin and Clare: Travellers!

(Thudding and braking. Rita spills beer on herself. Erin looks terrified.)

Michelle: Jesus Christ!

(Orla fixes her hair.)

Erin: What was that?

Clare: Did we hit something?!

(Orla looks out the window, shocked and excited.)

Orla: Oh my God! It's the polar bear!

[Time lapse. They stare down at the carcass. It's a sheep.]

Rita: Not again. Get it shifted, girls.

[Time lapse. Rita is back in the van, drinking beer and watching the girls happily.]

(The girls move the dead sheep.)

Michelle: This is rank!

Clare: Why are we doing it?

Erin: Because Rita told us to, and I'm scared of her, Clare! I'm very, very scared of her! Why's it so heavy? Aren't they meant to be 90% wool?!

Michelle: Just put your back into it! The sooner this is done, the sooner we're back in the van and on our way to see Robbie.

Clare: Robie! I mean, it so obviously doesn't look right!

Erin: I am not getting back in that van, Michelle! The woman is a maniac!

Michelle: We've come this far now, we're not turning back! Oh, Jesus Christ!

Erin: What is it?

Michelle: Oh, I just put my hand on its hole!

(They all freak out.)

Michelle: Fuck this, let's just make James do it, the lazy bastard.

Clare: Totally. Good idea.

(They drop the sheep.)

Clare: (looking around) Where is James?

(Erin looks at her with worry.)

[In the van.]

(The girls all shout at the same time in panic. Rita smokes.)

Rita: Will you shut the fuck up?!

(They all stop shouting.)

Rita: Okay. So, as far as I can make out, you think you left this James character with the gypsies?

Erin: Travellers.

Rita: The small, annoying one thinks we should go back for him, because?

Clare: (panicking) They were so angry with us. He could be in real danger, Rita!

Rita: And the mouthy, curly one thinks we shouldn't, because?

Michelle: Because he's a dickhead, Rita.

Rita: See, it's tricky.

Clare: Oh, come on, Michelle!

Michelle: If we go back for him we're going to miss the start of the concert.

Erin: But he's your cousin.

Michelle: Who hasn't lost a cousin or two in their time?

Rita: Okay, okay. So, who agrees with Tiny Tears, who thinks we should go back?

(Erin and Clare raise their hands. Orla scratches her chin thoughtfully.)

Clare: Orla!

Orla: I like James, I like Take That more.

Rita: Make a fucking decision, I've t-shirts to flog!

Michelle: Come on, girls. It's Take That we're talking about!

Erin: I know, it's just

Michelle: You said it yourself, Erin, the greats don't come here. We never got to see Bros, New Kids on the Block, Right Said Fred.

(Rita rolls her eyes.)

Michelle: Let's not add Take That to the list. We can't turn back. There's too much at stake.

Erin: James has the tickets!

Michelle: Shit!

[In the Quinn living room. Gerry stands watching TV. Sarah watches TV from the kitchen hatch. Mary reads the newspaper at the kitchen table.]

News reporter: Despite John Humes' optimism earlier today, the DUP leader, Ian Paisley has said that under no circumstances will his party sit at the same table as Sinn Fein, making all party talks impossible.

(Mary looks up, sighing with disappointment.)

Mary: I can't take it anymore. All these false promises. Waiting week after week, hoping today might be the day, only to be disappointed.

Gerry: Don't upset yourself, love. It's just a wheelie bin.

Mary: It'll change my life, Gerry. And Strabane's had them for months. I mean, what's going on there? Who's pulling the strings for Strabane?

Sarah: (thinking about her tan) I mean, it's against the Trades Description Act. The label said mahogany. Sure, that's barely oak. Jesus, but I'm fuming, so I am.

(Granda Joe walks in.)

Granda Joe: He's gaining ground.

Mary: What?

Granda Joe: The polar bear. Margo Murphy's niece just saw him outside the Abrakebabra in Coleraine, apparently.

Sarah: That close?!

Mary: I'll get the holy water.

Granda Joe: Sarah, buzz Michelle's mother there, tell her we need our wains back.

Sarah: I will surely, Daddy.

Granda Joe: Then we'll barricade the front door, and if the worst comes to the worst, Jim across the road lent me his tranquiliser gun.

Sarah: (phone to ear) Nobody's picking up.

Gerry: Why does Jim across the road have a tranquiliser gun?

Sarah: His brother had an awful lot of bother with devil worshippers.

Gerry: Excuse me?

Sarah: Aye, they set up camp on his farm and he couldn't shift them for love nor money, so Jim bought a couple of guns and just

Gerry: What? Shot them?

Sarah: Aye, I think it worked, you know?

Gerry: I imagine it would, yeah.

Mary: I'm not convinced they were devil worshippers, you know.

Sarah: Sure their hair had never seen a brush and they were head to toe in tie dye, Mary.

(Gerry turns to see Granda Joe holding a gun to his face.)

Gerry: Jesus Christ! Okay, I think we all just need to take a moment.

(Knock on the front door. Granda Joe points the gun at the door.)

Sarah: Don't answer! That might be him, that might be the polar bear!

(Granda Joe points the gun at Gerry again.)

Gerry: Yeah, because they're known for their impeccable manners. They might come into the house and rip your throat out, but they'll knock on the door first. Could you please stop pointing that thing at me, Joe?

Mary: Da

(Joe lowers the gun. Geraldine walks in.)

Mary: Ach, Geraldine.

Geraldine: I hope you don't mind. Your front door was open. Can you believe this bloody polar bear? We're at our wits end over at our place.

Mary: It's desperate, so it is.

(Knock at door. Mary and Sarah jump in panic. Joe raises the gun. Deidre walks in.)

Deidre: Hello Mary, Gerry?

Mary: Mon in, Deidre love, it's open.

Deidre: Can you credit this arsehole? He's going to hold this whole town hostage, you mark my words.

Sarah: He's an evil bastard, Deidre.

Deidre: Look, I just want to get my two back home if that's all right, Mary.

Geraldine: Aye, same here. You wouldn't mind getting Clare for me?

Mary: What are you talking about?

Gerry: Shhh! Listen.

(They all turn to the TV.)

News reporter: A polar bear that escaped from Belfast Zoo this morning has been recaptured. A group of firefighters who were helping with the search discovered the animal close to the A6 between Belfast and Londonderry, feasting on a sheep carcass.

Sarah: Well thank God for that.

Granda Joe: Ah. I better leave Jim's gun back, so.

(Granda Joe walks out.)

Mary: Michelle, James and Clare, did they tell you they were coming round here?

Deidre: Aye.

Geraldine: That's right.

Mary: (shaking her head) The wee feckers.

[At the gypsies' stall. The van pulls up. James is happily helping the gypsies.]

(Rita beeps the horn. Orla looks out the window at James while sucking a lollipop. Michelle opens the sliding door.)

Michelle: What are you playing at? Get in the van, fucko!

Gypsy: Does not have to if you don't want to, James.

Michelle: With all due respect, this has got nothing to do with you.

Gypsy: The way you treat this fella is disgraceful.

Michelle: What is going on, James?

James: Jonjo and the lads, well, they just get me, and it turns out, I'm a really good salesman.

Gypsy: He's a natural.

Michelle: So what? You're a gypsy now?

Erin: Traveller!

Gypsy: Actually, gypsy's fine.

Michelle: I knew it.

Rita: Let's get a move on!

Michelle: Right, get in the van. Come on. And do not test me, 'cause we've already missed PJ and Duncan.

Clare: Is that who was supporting them?

Michelle: Aye.

Clare: Oh, I really like them!

James: I'm not leaving, Michelle.

Michelle: Not even for Gary Barlow?

Gypsy: I don't really rate him as a songwriter, you know?

(James looks offended.)

James: I'm sorry, Jonjo, but you've just crossed the line there.

(James gets in the van with the others. Jonjo the gypsy looks devastated.)

[In the Quinn kitchen. All the mothers sit at the table, drinking tea.]

Deidre: My Michelle's going to be wishing she was mauled to death by that thing when I get my hands on her.

Geraldine: I don't know what to do anymore. I mean, they say that all teenagers are a bit rebellious, but Clare's off the scale. She's basically a delinquent.

Sarah: (drinking her tea with a spoon) Have you considered adoption, Geraldine?

Geraldine: She's sixteen, Sarah. Sure, she's past the cut-off.

(Gerry is watching TV by himself in the living room.)

News reporter: And finally, amazing scenes in the King's Hall this evening, as the British pop sensations, Take That play their first ever Northern Irish concert.

(Footage of Robbie onstage.)

Mary: Look, girls, we just need some cold, hard proof they went to that concert. And then, by Christ, they won't know what's hit them.

(The kids appear on the TV, in the front row dancing and screaming with excitement.)

(Gerry looks taken aback, and continues watching.)

(Close up of Erin dancing on the TV.)

(Gerry smiles and chuckles. He continues watching his daughter in silence.)

(The kids look happy as they continue dancing at the concert.)