EPISODE 5
[In the assembly hall at school.]

Jenny's friends: (singing) doo-bee-doo-bee-doo-bee-doo-bee-doo-bee-doo-bee-doo!

Jenny: (singing) It's Monday morning!

Jenny's friends: (singing) It's Monday morning!

Jenny: (singing) Hip-hip-hooray!

(Michelle watches on in disgust.)

Jenny's friends: (singing) Hip-hip-hooray!

Jenny and friends: (singing) Let's get going, it's a brand new day!

(Erin looks shocked.)

Jenny: (singing) It's Monday morning!

Jenny's friends: (singing) It's Monday morning!

Jenny: (singing) Come on, let's go!

Jenny's friends: (singing) Come on, let's go!

Jenny and friends: (singing) Paint on a smile, and start the show!

Jenny and friends: (singing) Dum-dum-dum-dum. Oh, Monday morning!

(Orla looks horrified and leans into a random girl beside her.)

Jenny and friends: (singing) There ain't nothing, that I-I-I can't do!

(Sister Michael looks mortified.)

Jenny's friends: (singing) Doo-bee-doo-bee-doo!

Jenny: (singing) On Monday morning!

Jenny's friends: (singing) Monday morning!

(James looks astonished.)

Jenny: (singing) Oh, Monday morning!

Jenny's friends: (singing) Monday morning!

Jenny and friends: (singing) Monday morning, I love you-ou-ouuu!! (jazz hands)

(The song ends and everyone sits in silence.)

Sister Michael: (Taking a deep breath) Lovely. And I believe you wrote the lyrics yourselves. Is that correct?

Jenny: It is indeed, Sister.

Sister Michael: Do you ever think you might have too much time on your hands, girls? Lose the jackets.

(Jenny and her friends take off their jackets as Sister Michael makes her way to centre stage.)

Sister Michael: (reading) Just a couple of things. Firstly, I'd like to introduce Mae Cheung. Can you make yourself known, please, Mae?

(Mae raises her hand as Erin and Clare turn to look at her.)

Sister Michael: Miss Cheung's family have recently moved here to Derry, so I hope you'll all make her feel very welcome. It's bound to be a bit of a culture shock, Mae. Things are done differently in this part of the world.

(Erin looks impressed. Clare looks delighted.)

Sister Michael: But I'm sure you'll feel as at home here as you did back in your beloved... Donegal.

(Clare's smile drops slightly.)

Sister Michael: Announcement from Jenny Joyce and the dance committee. The school social event of the year is fast approaching, but before you don your glad rags... and... boogie... on down... I'm sorry, I simply cannot read this.

(Sister Michael walks to the side of the stage, handing the script to Jenny.)

Jenny: (enthusiastically) But before you don your glad rags, and boogie on down, we'd like to let you in on our little secret. We're not actually going to have a school formal this year.

(Crowd gasps.)

Jenny: No, listen. We're not going to have a school formal. We're going to have...

Jenny's friends: (singing) Doo-bee-doo-bee-doo-bee-doo-bee-doo-bee-doo-bee-doo!

Jenny: A fifties prom!

Girl: What?!

Michelle: Wise up!

Jenny: I know, I know, but I do love a theme. Sure isn't that why people call me the theme queen?

Clare: Do they?

Michelle: Do they fuck!

Jenny: We want it to have a real old-school, retro, vintage vibe, so feel free to just go for it!

Michelle: Feel free to kiss my hole.

[In the school corridor.]

(The girls see Mae Cheung by her locker.)

Clare: Okay, so I say we just go over there and be ourselves, girls. Well, not totally ourselves. We should definitely be a bit ourselves. We could also pretend we're sort of better than we actually are.

(Michelle rolls her eyes.)

Clare: So I suppose what I'm saying is we could sort of present a version of ourselves that's less...

Erin: Crap.

Clare: Precisely.

Michelle: Why do we even have to talk to her?

Clare: Because she's new, Michelle!

Michelle: Eugh, I hate people I don't know.

Clare: And in case you hadn't noticed, she also happens to be Chinese. I mean, how class would it be to have a Chinese friend?!

Orla: We could keep her in my toy box!

Erin: No, we couldn't, Orla.

Orla: Oh, she'd definitely fit!

Erin: That is not the point.

Michelle: Fine, but can we agree it's on a strict one-in, one-out basis? If she joins the group, James has to leave.

Clare: Of course!

Erin: Fine.

Orla: Absolutely.

James: (looking offended) Excuse me.

(The groups approaches Mae. Clare smiles and waves enthusiastically while speaking Chinese.)

Mae: Is she all right?

Michelle: (sighs) Burning for you, Clare.

Clare: It's Cantonese.

Mae: Right, well I'm from Donegal and we speak English there.

Michelle: If you say so, Mae, but I spent a summer in Killybegs, and seriously? Not a fucking word.

Clare: We just wanted to introduce ourselves, and-

Mae: Okay, I think I see where this is going. I get this a lot. Dull white girls wanting me to join their gang because... well... (points at her face)

Erin: We're not dull.

Mae: Sure.

James: And I'm actually a boy.

Mae: Wow, she has a really fucked up accent.

Michelle: We know.

Mae: (sighing and folding her arms) What's in this for me? What are you bringing to the table?

Orla: Cream crackers?

Mae: I'm good for cream crackers, thank you. (closing her locker) I'll see you around, girls.

(Mae starts to walk away.)

Orla: Maybe we don't need a Chinese person. We've already got a lesbian.

Mae: (suddenly turning around) What? Who?

Clare: (raising her hand) Me.

Mae: Really? You don't look like a lesbian.

Clare: What do you mean?

Mae: Just that you're a bit... short.

Clare: Well, there's no height restrictions, as far as I'm aware.

Mae: Interesting. I've always wanted a gay friend. I mean, ideally a fella, but...

Jenny: Howdy, folks!

Michelle: Christ.

Jenny: I'm Jenny. This is Aisling. We just thought we'd introduce ourselves and see if...

Clare: Too late, Jenny. She's ours.

Jenny: I see. Look, these girls are great, but I do have a pen pal from the Carribean, so perhaps my circle is a little bit more diverse?

Clare: Back. Off.

Jenny: (handing Mae a slip of paper) Think it over. Give me a call. Oh, and FYI, the prom queen vote closes today.

Michelle: FY-nobody-gives-a-shit!

Aisling: Here's the wee ballot.

Erin: (looking at the ballot) I see you've thrown your hat into the ring, Jenny.

Jenny: I had my arm twisted. But feel free to tick my box.

Michelle: Dirty bitch.

[In the street.]

Michelle: Well, this prom's going to be a full-blown dick fest. You know there isn't even going to be a DJ? Apparently Jenny hired this fucking pensioner band.

(Orla happily waves at someone on the street.)

Erin: Christ. Really?

Michelle: I heard the drummer is at least thirty!

James: I don't feel so bad about missing it now. It clashes with my thing.

Michelle: The creep convention? Seriously?

James: It's not a creep convention.

Michelle: Well, I think a load of perverts getting together to wank over some fella, who fights with hoovers and rides aliens in a telephone box, is the very fucking definition of a creep convention.

James: It's a Doctor Who night. Me and my stepdad used to watch it when I was little.

Michelle: Well someone should have called social services then James!

Clare: (upset) You're not going to the prom then, James? Well, I was going to ask you to be my date!

(Michelle looks disgusted.)

James: I'm sorry, Clare.

Michelle: You were going to ask James to be your date? What the fuck's wrong with you?

Clare: Well it's a bit more complicated for me!

Michelle: You're a lesbian, Clare. Not desperate.

[In the shopping mall.]

Clare: Well, now I don't know who to ask.

Michelle: Tell me about it. There's at least five fellas that fancy the arse off me, but I just can't choose.

Clare: Yeah, that's definitely the same.

Erin: I'll be your date, Clare.

Clare: But, Erin, people might talk. They might get the wrong idea.

Erin: Let them. We need to break down these ridiculous conventions.

Clare: Are you sure?

Erin: I'd be proud to have you on my arm.

Clare: (beaming) Thank you.

(The girls walk into a diner.)

Erin: Oh, God. John Paul's over there. Christ, but it's been so awkward since we broke up.

Michelle: For fuck's sake, Erin. He kissed you on the cheek at Kerry Coyle's sixteenth birthday party and then passed out in a puddle of his own boke.

Erin: Yeah, he missed the boat, all right.

Michelle: I'm sure the fact that he's poking a model is some consolation.

(They sit down at a table.)

Erin: Okay, Cara is not a model. She has done SOME modelling. There's a difference.

Orla: I heard she's going to be on Baywatch.

Erin: She is not going to be on Baywatch, Orla.

Michelle: I heard that too. The Baywatch thing.

Clare: So did I.

Erin: They don't have people from Derry on Baywatch, okay? We're just too pasty. Look, it was never going to work out between me and John Paul. I realise that now. Because I'm looking for an intellectual connection, and he wants-

Michelle: (nodding) To ride a model.

Erin: She is not a model.

Clare: (looking startled) Oh my God!

Erin: What?

Clare: It looks like they're breaking up!

Cara: I can't do this anymore!

John Paul: Why?!

Erin: Jesus! Are they really? Are they breaking up?

(Cara gets up and walks away.)

Erin: They are! They're breaking up! This is class.

Clare: What?!

Erin: Later!

(Erin walks towards John Paul's table.)

Clare: Erin, what are you doing?!

Michelle: She has no respect for herself. And coming from me...

Clare: That is bad.

Michelle: Exactly.

(Erin is standing over John Paul. He cries into his hands.)

Erin: Hey. Hey. HEY!

John Paul: Jesus Christ!

Erin: Sorry. What happened there was... well, I slightly misjudged the level of my own voice, I think.

John Paul: You're grand, I was in a world of me own.

Erin: (sitting down) Everything okay?

John Paul: Yeah, yeah.

Erin: You sure?

John Paul: Oh yeah.

Erin: Really? It's just, I couldn't help but notice that you and Cara were sort of breaking up a bit, there.

John Paul: Yeah. I mean, it's all cool.

Erin: Really?

John Paul: It was mutual. It was definitely a mutual thing. Although, maybe she wanted to mutually split up a bit more than I did.

Erin: I see.

John Paul: Now, I'm just not sure it was the right decision.

Erin: It definitely was!

John Paul: We just got each other, you know? I mean, she's so cool, and smart.

Erin: Smart? Really?

John Paul: And she's a model, for Christ's sake.

Erin: She's done SOME modelling.

John Paul: I'm just wondering whether I should, like, go after her and try to sort it out?

Erin: You definitely shouldn't do that.

John Paul: Really?

Erin: Yeah, it's needy. What you should do is take your mind off it.

John Paul: (smiling through his tears) Okay, cool. Sweet. (his smile drops) How?

Erin: Go out with me. I mean, go out with us. Me and my-my friends. We're going to this prom thing on Saturday night.

John Paul: A prom? Sounds sort of...

Erin: Shit?

John Paul: Formal.

Erin: Oh no, it's not. It's actually not at all. It's actually very informal. It's actually really, like, laid-back, chilled, "who gives an F-" kind of thing. It's not a big deal. It's not a big deal AT ALL.

(John Paul smiles through his tears again. Erin smiles.)

[In the Quinn kitchen.]

Erin: (following Mary around) This is a huge deal. This is a massive, massive deal. I'm going to the prom with John Paul O'Reily, for God's sake. Oh, come on, Mammy!

Mary: I don't care if you're going to the prom with John Paul the second, Erin. I'm not buying you another frock. End of story.

Erin: But Mammy, you don't understand.

Mary: There's nothing wrong with your Easter dress.

Erin: There is lots of things wrong with my Easter dress.

Mary: I mean, it matches Orla's.

(Orla stands in the living room with her Easter dress on while Sarah measures her.)

Erin: That being the main one.

Orla: Honestly Erin, I think we'll look so cracker if we both rock in wearing these.

Erin: Right. Well, I don't.

Sarah: Och, Mary, you'd think the wain's been dropped into it. You wouldn't nip it in a bit for her? I'd do it myself but sewing plays havoc with my acrylics.

Mary: Fine.

Erin: I really like this fella, Mammy.

Mary: Well, if he really likes you, it won't matter what you wear.

Erin: Och, come off it!

Sarah: Have you a date lined up, Orla?

Orla: I do, aye.

Erin: (looking confused) What? With like, a human?

Orla: Yeah.

Ian Paisley on TV: This document is an insult to the majority of people of Northern Ireland!

(Gerry is watching TV and Joe walks in.)

Gerry: All right, Ian, we get the idea like.

(The TV suddenly loses signal. Gerry sighs, getting up to check.)

Granda Joe: What are you footering at?

Gerry: The picture's just gone a bit, sort of...

(Joe thumps the TV.)

Gerry: Dear Jesus!

Granda Joe: You have to give it a bit of a shock now and again. (he hits it again) You have to keep it on its toes.

Gerry: I'm not sure you do have to keep it on its toes, Joe. It's a television!

(Joe continues to thump the TV.)

Gerry: Okay, okay, okay! I'm just going to turn it off and turn it on again. That usually does the trick.

(Gerry turns the TV off and on again.)

Gerry: There we go. Hmm? There doesn't seem to be anything happening now.

Granda Joe: This stupid prick's broken the TV, Mary!

(Mary runs in, panicking.)

Mary: For God's sake, Gerry!

Granda Joe: He's been footering.

Gerry: Excuse me. You're the one that was thumping it repeatedly, Joe.

Granda Joe: I'll thump you repeatedly!

Mary: Well the pair of you better sort it out. London's Burning's on in twenty minutes.

Sarah: God, Mary, but them poor fellas are flat out with fires, so they are. Jesus, but they never get a minute.

(Joe continues to thump the TV.)

Mary: Aye, it's a good job they keep themselves in such great shape.

Sarah: Aw, don't, Mary. That Greek fella.

(Mary smirks and slaps Sarah on the arm.)

Mary: He could throw me over his shoulder any day of the week.

Erin: Boke-o-rama!

[In the shopping mall.]

Erin: I hate to do this, Clare.

Clare: (angry) I said it's fine.

Erin: Really?

Clare: I'm happy for you.

Erin: Okay, it's just you don't sound happy for me.

Clare: Well, I am. I'm over the moon!

Erin: Great, because me and John Paul are just at a really crucial point in our relationship.

Michelle: You've strong-armed him into taking you to the prom, Erin. Doesn't mean you're in a relationship.

Erin: We'll see about that.

Mae: (walking up to the girls) Hiya! So, this is where the gays hang out, is it?

(Orla nods happily. Clare shakes her head and giggles.)

Mae: So, what's happening?

Michelle: Erin's just sacked Clare as a prom date so she can take the fella she fancies.

Mae: Bad craic, Erin. Very bad craic.

Erin: That is not true.

James: Isn't it?

Erin: Well, I mean, there is some truth in it.

Mae: Come with me.

Clare: Really?

Erin: Really?

Mae: Really. It'll be a laugh. And I'm definitely an upgrade. (to Erin) Just a wee joke there.

Erin: Yeah, it was. It was dead funny.

Mae: (to Clare) What do you say?

Clare: Sounds good to me.

Mae: Great! All sorted.

(Orla and James look delighted.)

Michelle: Okay, now that Mae has officially joined the group, we need to give James his notice.

(James' smile drops.)

James: What?

Michelle: I personally think a week's more than generous.

Orla: (smiling) Me too.

James: (looking upset and offended) Orla!

Orla: Oh, I'm sorry, James, but Chinese people are just better than English people.

(The group walk through the mall.)

Erin: Right. I say we hit Primark first.

Mae: Classy.

Erin: Yeah, well, we have about 17.50 between us, Mae, so needs must.

Michelle: It's grand, I swiped my ma's credit card.

James: Is that grand? Or is it actually a criminal offence?

Michelle: Look, we'll just whack a couple of dresses on it, don't take the labels off, and wear them to prom, then return them the next day. The money will be back in her account as quick as it went out.

Clare: No way, Jose!

Michelle: It's totally grand, Clare. I do it all the time. You just have to make sure that you don't, like, spill anything on it, or, like, sweat.

[In a dress shop.]

(James is holding dresses and almost falling asleep. Erin walks out of the changing room in a skin-tight blue dress.)

Erin: What do you think of this one?

Michelle: I dunno. I'm not sure it's you, really.

Erin: (struggling to walk) Good. I don't want to be me.

Clare: (holding up a blue dress and a pink dress) Which of these do you like best?

Erin: Definitely the pink.

Mae: Has to be the blue.

Clare: (looking at Erin spitefully) Yeah, I thought the blue.

Michelle: (trying on a dress) This doesn't do my baps any justice.

Clare: Have you decided who you're bringing yet?

Michelle: Well I've narrowed it down to two. There's big Johnny Kells who works in Dunnes. Thick as fuck, but a massive, massive ride. Then there's this other fella, he's not as thick, but he's also not as hot, although I have heard he is really good with his hands. And when I say he's good with his hands, I'm not talking about putting up shelves, girls. I'm talking about...

James: (bored) Everybody knows what you're talking about, Michelle.

Michelle: Fingering. (looking smug)

James: Honestly!

Mae: I can't find anything I like.

Orla: (from the changing room) Well, I'm just so torn. I mean, I love my Easter dress, but this is cracker too. 

(Orla jumps out of the changing room in a purple and orange jumpsuit.) 

Orla: There is just nothing that doesn't suit me.

[At the till paying for the dresses.]

(Mae spots a red dress behind the counter.)

Mae: Oh my God! That's the one! (to the cashier) Can I try that one, please?

Cashier: Sorry, love, that's been left over for someone.

Mae: What?

(Jenny walks in with balloons.)

Jenny: Hiya! Sorry, guys, I can't stop.

Michelle: Nobody wants you to.

Jenny: Just grabbing a few wee bits for the prom, sure you know how it is!

(The cashier begins packing the red dress into a bag.)

Mae: Oh, I was actually about to try that one on.

Jenny: (paying) Well, I left it over, so...

Mae: It's just that red's my colour.

Jenny: Yeah, mine too.

Mae: No, you don't understand. I really, really suit it.

Jenny: Yeah, so do I.

(The cashier hands the bag to Jenny.)

Mae: Garnet's actually my birthstone.

Jenny: Well, ruby's mine, so...

Mae: (aggressive) I want that dress, Jenny.

Jenny: Well, you can't have it.

(Michelle and Orla gasp. Erin smiles at Mae smugly. Jenny walks out.)

Mae: Bitch!

[In the shopping mall.]

Mae: (angrily) I cannot believe she wouldn't even let me try it on.

(Clare scoffs in agreement.)

Erin: Yeah, well, she did leave it over, so...

Clare: She so knew it would look better on you.

Mae: Exactly.

Clare: I heard the whole prom queen thing's rigged as well. I heard she's set it up so she can win it.

Mae: Fuck me, what a total dick! She shouldn't be able to get away with that.

Erin: Look, the only reason we're having a prom is because Jenny organised it.

Clare: So?

Erin: So, if she wants to be prom queen, let her be prom queen.

Mae: Why are you sticking up for her?!

Erin: Why are you slagging her off?!

Michelle: Erin, all we do it slag off Jenny.

Erin: Yeah, well, we've the right to slag her off. We put the hours in. You can't just show up one day and join in!

Clare: (stops and turns to Erin) Mae's one of us now, Erin.

Erin: Mae's an arsehole.

Clare: That's out of order, Erin! She's Chinese, for God's sake!

Erin: She's from Donegal. And can't you see what she's doing? "Oh, I'll take you to prom. Oh, the blue dress is better."

Clare: Oh my God. Are you jealous?

Erin: (chuckling) Yeah, I'm going out with the biggest ride in Derry, but I'm jealous of you and your new friend? Yeah, that's definitely what's happening!

Clare: It does seem like that's what's happening, actually.

Erin: You know what? I don't need this. I'm going.

Clare: Good.

Erin: Grand.

Clare: Great.

Erin: Fine.

(They smirk sarcastically at each other and Erin storms off. She suddenly turns and walks the other way.)

Erin: I went the wrong way.

[In the Quinn living room.]

(Orla sits in her prom/Easter dress.)

Sarah: Now, close your eyes, I'm just gonna give you a wee light mist, just so it holds for you.

(Sarah sprays Orla's hair with two hairspray bottles.)

Orla: Ooh.

Mary: Och, Sarah, you'll choke the wain!

(Orla coughs. Erin walks in uncomfortably in her blue skin-tight dress.)

Erin: What do you think?

Mary: God aye, it's different, isn't it?

Erin: Different? What does that mean?

Mary: It was nice of Michelle to lend it to you, love, but it just doesn't look very comfortable.

Erin: It's really comfortable, actually. (stumbles across the room) It's like a second skin.

Orla: I wish you would wear your Easter frock, Erin. When we were wee, we always went to parties dressed the same.

Erin: We're not wee, anymore, Orla.

Orla: Aye...

(Erin hands Mary a sheet of paper.)

Mary: What's this?

Erin: It's some guidelines. Things you are and aren't allowed to say to John Paul when he gets here.

Mary: Right.

(Mary scrunches the sheet of paper into a ball. Erin looks appalled.)

Sarah: What time's your date arriving at, Orla, love?

(Granda Joe appears wearing a white suit.)

Granda Joe: He's already here.

(Joe spins happily, showing off his suit.)

Erin: (smiling) You asked Granda to the prom?

Orla: Well, everyone kept saying you have to ask a fella you really like, and he's the fella I like the most.

(Joe bows.)

Sarah: (smiling warmly) Och, Orla, love.

Gerry: You're looking well, Joe.

Granda Joe: It's not all shite you talk, Gerry. (turning to Erin and Orla) Should we head?

Erin: John Paul's picking me up at seven. You go on. We'll see you there.

(Orla runs over to Joe and takes a flower from him. Erin sits down awkwardly at the kitchen table to wait. Mary and Sarah look at her with concern.)

[In the school hall. The prom has begun and a band is playing onstage.]

(Clare and Mae walk in together.)

Clare: Wow, Jenny's done some number in here!

Mae: Dick. Don't worry, she won't get away with it.

Clare: What?

Mae: The prom queen thing. Let's just say she'll be wearing red, all right.

Clare: What does that mean?

Mae: Nobody crosses me, Clare.

(Mae walks away.)

Clare: Mae, wait!

(Michelle runs up to Clare.)

Michelle: You look hot.

Clare: Thank you.

Michelle: No, I mean like, actually hot. Like, physically hot. You better not be sweating in that dress, Clare. They won't give me a refund if there's a whiff off it.

Clare: I'm not sweating!

Michelle: Let me check.

Clare: Get off me! (shoves Michelle aside)

Michelle: Christ, I'm at my wits end trying to keep them two lads apart.

Clare: What? You didn't bring both boys to prom, did you, Michelle?

Michelle: I couldn't make up my mind! I thought I could just stick them in two separate corners and go between them, but they won't fucking keep put!

Clare: Imagine that! It's almost like they have their own free will!

Michelle: Tell me about it, it's a fucking nightmare!

[In the Quinn kitchen.]

(Erin watches the clock. It's after seven.)

[In the school hall.]

(Orla and Joe have arrived.)

Michelle: Jesus, Joe, you're looking well!

Granda Joe: Aye, I know.

Orla: Why isn't anyone dancing?

Michelle: How're you supposed to dance to this old shite?

Granda Joe: Come on, Orla. We'll show them.

(Joe and Orla happily approach the dancefloor and perform a full fifties dance routine. People start joining them on the dancefloor. Clare watches, smiling.)

Michelle: (spots her two dates arguing) Jesus Christ!

Clare: What's wrong?

Michelle: They're talking to each other now. They're actually fucking talking to each other! (runs over, leaving Clare)

(A boy approaches Clare.)

Boy: Are you Clare?

Clare: That's right.

Boy: Hi, I'm Kris. I'm here with Tara Martin. She's... Oh God, where's she gone? (smiles) Tall, blonde, wears glasses?

Clare: Ah, trampy Tara?

Kris: We've just started seeing each other, actually.

Clare: Oh, no, not that kind of trampy. No, we just call her that because she's got quite a heavy gait. You should listen out for it. Anyway, what can I do for you?

Kris: Well, I see you're hanging out with Mae?

Clare: That's right.

Kris: So, I know Mae from back home.

Clare: From China?

Kris: No. Donegal.

Clare: Yes. Right, sorry.

Kris: No worries. Yeah, Mae went to my school. Did she ever tell you why she had to leave?

Clare: HAD to leave?

[In the Quinn kitchen.]

(Erin is still waiting. Time passes from half seven to half eight. Erin looks upset.)

Erin: He's not coming.

Mary: Och, love. (reaching out to hold her hand)

Erin: I'm gonna go and change.

Mary: Maybe leave it another few minutes.

Erin: I want to get out of this thing.

(Erin awkwardly gets up and starts walking towards the stairs. Mary looks sad. The doorbell rings and Erin stops in her tracks, pulling herself together. She answers the door and James stands there in a suit, smiling.)

James: Your mum rang me.

Erin: But what about your creep convention?

James: Okay, it's not a creep convention, and it's not important. Shall we go?

Erin: Can you give me one minute?

(James nods, smiling. Erin goes upstairs. James paces the floor waiting for her. She emerges in her Easter dress, taking James' arm as they leave.)

[In the school hall.]

(Orla and Joe are still dancing. Clare frantically approaches Michelle.)

Clare: Michelle, listen.

Michelle: Well that backfired.

Clare: What?

Michelle: The lads. They worked it out. They've gone to the pub, together.

(Erin and James enter.)

Clare: Look, there's a guy here, he knows Mae and...

Michelle: (to Erin and James) What's going on? Aw, don't tell me. Wank features stood you up?

Erin: Yeah.

Clare: I'm sorry, Erin.

Erin: No, I'm sorry. You were right. I was jealous. Mae's just so cool and exotic and you liked her so much and...

Clare: She's deranged.

Erin: What?

Clare: I met this guy that went to her school, he said she had to leave for, like, being a bully. He said she's seriously unhinged! I think he's a bit pissed off with her to be honest, and I can't blame him because she's giving the Chinese population in Donegal a really bad rap.

Michelle: Typical Donegal man. Always moaning.

(James spots Mae.)

James: There she is.

(Mae stealthily walks onto the stage.)

Michelle: What's she doing?

Clare: She was talking about how she wasn't gonna let Jenny get away with the whole prom queen thing.

James: Jesus Christ, look! Above the stage, look. She's not gonna do a Carrie!

Michelle: Fuck-a-doodle-doo!

Clare: What's a Carrie? What does that mean?

James: You've never seen Carrie?

Clare: No.

Michelle: Aw, it's some film, Clare.

Erin: Amazing.

Orla: (approaching) Aye, you should check it out!

Clare: Expand and explain. Expand and explain!!

(Band stops playing.)

James: So Carrie is voted prom queen and this bully pours a bucket of pig's blood on her.

Clare: Jesus Christ!

James: I mean, lots of other stuff happens too, but that's the sort of relevant bit.

(Aisling walks onto the stage.)

Aisling: Can I have your attention please?

(The group look worried.)

Aisling: And now, the moment we've all been waiting for, it's time to crown our prom queen!

(Mae stands backstage holding a rope.)

Erin: Holy shit!

[In the Quinn living room.]

Mary: How long are we supposed to go on like this, Gerry?

(Gerry is on the floor behind the TV as Mary and Sarah watch him.)

Gerry: I am trying my best.

Mary: We've already missed Coronation Street.

Gerry: Well, every cloud, as they say.

Mary: I've warned you before, Gerry. You say another bad word about Coronation Street and you may leave this house and never return!

Sarah: And you'd have my full backing on that, Mary.

Mary: God only knows what else we've missed.

Gerry: We won't have missed anything!

(The TV comes on.)

Gerry: Yes!

News reporter: And tonight's main story again. A historic evening for Northern Ireland. As of midnight tonight, after twenty-five years the IRA have called a ceasefire. In a statement released earlier this evening, they said there would be a complete cessation of all military operations.

Mary: (to Gerry) What did I tell you?

Sarah: Aye, well done Gerry.

(Gerry is speechless.)

Aisling: And our prom queen is... Jenny Joyce!

(Jenny looks shocked and excited as the girls begin to panic.)

Clare: We have to do something!

(Jenny walks onto the stage and Aisling crowns her.)

Jenny: Thank you so much.

(The rope creaks.)

Erin: Quick!

Jenny: I'd just like to say a few words. Firstly, this is such an honour.

Clare: (backstage with Mae) Mae! Stop!

Mae: Piss off, Clare!

(Clare jumps in and grabs the rope from Mae. Mae fights for the rope. Erin, James and Michelle run onstage.)

Erin: (cutting Jenny off) Lovely words, Jenny, well done!

(The girls try to push Jenny out of the way but Jenny won't move.)

Michelle: Come on, Jenny. Don't milk it, now.

Aisling: Get off her! What is this?

(Mae and Clare continue fighting over the rope.)

Mae: Bite my eye! Traitor!

James: (to Jenny) Have you ever seen Carrie?

(Mae and Clare lose their grip on the rope. Tomato juice pours over Jenny, Erin, Michelle, James and Aisling. The crowd gasps.)

Erin: It's pig's blood. It's pig's blood!

James: No, I think it's tomato juice.

Michelle: What the fuck am I supposed to do?! (gesturing to her dress) They'll never take this back now!

Jenny: Why would you do this?

Erin: It wasn't us! This wasn't us!

Aisling: Yeah, right.

(Jenny starts fighting with Erin. Michelle starts fighting with Aisling. Granda Joe and Orla watch as they eat popcorn. Clare and Mae continue to fight backstage.)

[On the street. The people of Derry cheer and celebrate.]

Radio: The statement has raised hopes for peace and an end to twenty-five years of bombing and shooting that has led to the deaths of more than three-thousand people.

(Sister Michael listens to the radio in her office, smiling.)

Radio: The British Prime Minister, John Major said, "We are beyond the beginning but we are not yet in sight of the end."

(Mary and Gerry bring cups of tea out to the street, where people are still drinking and celebrating. Some people graffiti a peace sign on the sign "YOU ARE NOW ENTERING FREE DERRY".)

(The girls continue to fight on the stage.)