EPISODE 1
[Views of Irish countryside. Erin is narrating.]

Erin: That summer was a remarkable one. It was the summer we dared to dream. For generations, we'd known nothing but violence. Nothing but hatred. But finally we were saying 'enough is enough'. Finally we were saying, 'let's give peace a chance.'

[In the Quinn bathroom. Erin is in the bath, talking to herself.]

(Orla opens the door.)

Orla: She's up here!

Erin: Jesus Christ!

Orla: She's pretending she's on Parkinson again.

Mary: (from downstairs) Parkinson?! Does she know what time it is?! I'll Parkinson her! I've enough on my plate without Parkinson!

Erin: Close the door!

(Orla walks in, and closes the door.)

Erin: No Orla. Leave, then close the door.

(Orla looks offended. She leaves and closes the door.)

Erin: (shouting) And it was Wogan, for your information!

[In the Quinn kitchen. Erin is wearing a 'Friends Across the Barricade' t-shirt. Clare sits at the table.]

Mary: And for the love of God, don't forget your waterproof trousers. (she hands Erin her trousers) They nearly bloody bankrupted us. Do the Protestants have to bring waterproof trousers? Or will the Catholics be expected to do all the dirty work?

(Sarah smokes.)

Erin: What dirty work? It's an outdoor pursuits weekend.

Mary: I thought you said you were building bridges?

Erin: Not real bridges, Mammy. Metaphorical bridges.

Mary: Then why can't you wear metaphorical trousers?

Sarah: (to Clare) Will any of your crowd be going, love?

Clare: My crowd?

Sarah: Or can you not get Protestant lesbians?

Clare: Naw, I think you can get them all right. It's just-

Granda Joe: I heard that K.D. Lang on the radio yesterday. Christ, but she's got some set of pipes on her. You're very talented people.

Clare: Thank you?

(Orla walks in, dressed in camo, carrying a torch.)

Orla: Has anyone seen my bow and arrow?

Sarah: Orla really thrives in the wild, you know. That time we went camping in Portsalon, sure, she was like Mowgli running around them woods. She was that happy, Mary, I honestly thought about just leaving her there.

Orla: (smiling and shining the torch around the room) Ach, Mammy.

(Joe is watching TV.)

TV: Because of government restrictions, we cannot broadcast the voice of Mr. Adams. His words are spoken by an actor.

Gerry: I will never understand the point of it.

Granda Joe: I'll never understand the point of you.

Gerry: Grand so.

(Doorbell rings.)

Erin: I'll go.

(Gerry sits down to watch TV with Joe. Erin walks to the door.)

Sarah: (walking over to the TV) It's because his actual voice is actually very seductive. Apparently, he sounds like a West Belfast Bond. As far as the English are concerned, a voice like that, well, it's dangerous.

Gerry: Just so I'm clear, are you saying that the British government dub the voice of Gerry Adams because it's too sexy?

Granda Joe: It's like a fine whiskey. And I have that on good authority, boy.

Gerry: Okay.

(Michelle and James stand at the front door.)

Michelle: (smiling) Fuck-a-doodle-doo.

James: Hi.

(Erin walks in and Michelle and James follow.)

Michelle: Bet that's what he said when he was nabbed.

Erin: When who got nabbed?

Michelle: Have yous not heard? You know your man? Floppy hair, English, he's all 'fuck-a-doodle this', 'fuck-a-doodle that'. He's flat out going to weddings with his mates until one of them, the fat, beardy one in the skirt, until he croaks it and they're all, 'We need to show this man a bit of respect here, let's stop all the clocks'. 

(Silence.)

Michelle: He goes with your woman. Do you know her? She's a total ride, but she paperclips her frocks together. Well, he was caught getting down and dirty with some hooker in the back of his BMW. (she picks up a piece of toast) Dark horse, or what?

Mary: Good morning, Michelle.

Michelle: I am buzzing for this weekend. Them waterproof trousers do wonders for my hole.

James: Mine are pink. They're bright pink.

Michelle: They were two for one, James. Stop crying.

Mary: (shocked) Two for one? Where?

Michelle: Kay's catalogue. Oh, and me mammy said to tell you

Mary: Her big bowl. I know, I know, I keep forgetting. I'll drop it round today.

Michelle: No, she says to hang onto it.

(Mary turns in shock.)

Mary: What? She doesn't want her big bowl back? But why? There's nothing wrong with that bowl.

Sarah: Sure, I was admiring that bowl only yesterday.

Granda Joe: It's a grand bowl.

Michelle: I'm just the messenger, folks.

Sarah: Right.

Erin: We need to shift ourselves.

(They all get up with their bags.)

Mary: Listen, wains, I've already said this to Erin.

Erin: Mammy, please!

Mary: No funny business with these Protestant lads. Is that clear? I don't want anybody landing back here pregnant.

James: Not very likely in my case. (he laughs)

Granda Joe: Well, I wouldn't rule it out son.

Mary: Teenage boys can be very convincing, Erin. (she hands her a sandwich) I remember your father at that age and

Erin: End that sentence now.

Gerry: Yes. Please do.

Granda Joe: Creep.

Erin: We're not doing this to get off with Protestant boys, Mammy. We're doing this to reach across the divide.

Mary: (to Michelle) Did your mother get a new big bowl?

Michelle: I don't think so.

Erin: We're doing this for peace.

Mary: All right, Erin! No need to make a big song and dance about it.

(The kids all walk out.)

[On the street. The kids walk with their bags.]

Michelle: We're doing it for peace, all right, Mary. A piece of that fine Protestant ass!

(Erin and Michelle high-five excitedly.)

Clare: (disgusted) God, you are such a hypocrite, Erin.

Erin: No, I'm not. I just don't think there's anything wrong with some cross-community

Michelle: Fiddling.

Erin: Relations.

Orla: (looking at a map) So we need to head south-east for 0.5 miles and you'll receive further instructions shortly.

Erin: We haven't even left the estate yet, Orla.

Michelle: These Prods have some serious moves up their sleeves, you know. They're not as fucked up about sex as we are. They've put the work in. They know what they're doing.

Clare: They're people, Michelle. They're not sex toys.

Michelle: I beg to differ.

James: I'm really looking forward to making friends with some lads. (smiling)

Michelle: Lads aren't going to make friends with you, James. Lads make friends with other lads.

James: I am a lad.

Erin: Aye, so you are, James.

Clare: (taking money out of her pocket) Okay, how much money do we have?

Michelle: Look, the riding of the Protestants is one thing, but I don't see why we have to buy them a present. I mean they already have all the land, all the jobs and all the fucking rights.

Erin: Aye, Michelle. That's definitely the attitude we should have entering into this weekend.

[In Dennis' Wee Shop.]

Dennis: A present for Protestants.

(They all stare back at him. Clare, Erin and Michelle are all eating sweets.)

Dennis: Ah, now, my next Protestant gift delivery isn't due to arrive until Wednesday, and as it stands I'm completely out of stock, what with there being such a high fucking demand for that sort of thing around these parts.

Orla: (turning to the others) That's a shame.

Clare: (enthusiastically pointing) How much for the Subbuteo, Dennis?

Dennis: We'll call it sixteen quid.

(James looks shocked.)

James: Could we call it 1.76?

Dennis: No, we fucking couldn't.

Erin: How about, we give you the 1.76 and pay the rest off in instalments?

Clare: Yeah, which would be what? 3.56 over four weeks?

Dennis: Jesus, check out Rain Wain.

Erin: Or, you could give us the Subbuteo and then we work off the debt?

Clare: (sucking on sweet) Yeah, we could do chores and stuff.

Dennis: Chores? What do you think this is? Little House on the Fucking Prairie?

Orla: (smiling) Do you watch Little House on the Prairie, Dennis?

Dennis: (suddenly furious) Get out!

(The kids look taken aback as they walk out.)

[On a road. The kids are walking.]

Clare: Come on girls, this is embarrassing!

Michelle: Well, it's all right for you Clare, but we want to buck these lads. We have to offer them some kind of incentive.

Clare: They're not prostitutes, Michelle! And even if they were, I think a half-eaten packet of Rolos and an Ulster Bank key ring is a pretty insulting form of payment.

James: (smiling and holding up a pencil) I have a HB pencil!

Michelle: (taking the pencil) Happy days.

(Jenny and Aisling appear, holding a large present wrapped carefully.)

Jenny: Hi, guys!

Erin: That's not That's not what you're giving to the Protestants, is it?

Jenny: It's just a little token, really.

Orla: Yeah. So's ours.

Aisling: Is that an Ulster Bank key ring?

Erin: It is indeed, yep.

Jenny: I must admit, I had a bit of an advantage when it came to the whole present buying thing, because

Michelle: You're loaded.

Jenny: Because I know what they like. (smiling smugly) I happen to be very good friends with a half-Protestant.

Clare: What?

Michelle: They don't come in halves, Jenny.

Jenny: They do actually. I met her at ballet class. Her name's zara, and she has a horse.

Erin: Good for zara. Bye bye now.

(They all walk away from Jenny and Aisling.)

Clare: (annoyed) Of course she's friends with a half-Protestant! Of course she is!

Michelle: She has been fucking unbearable since them braces came off.

Erin: Dose.

Clare: (frantically) Well, I'm going to make friends with a full Protestant! See how she likes it. zara won't seem quite so impressive next to my thorough-bred, will she Jenny?!

Erin: Relax, Clare.

Michelle: Why has she got so much money, anyway? Who's her da? Pierce fucking Brosnan?

Erin: He's a surgeon over at Altnagelvin. He took Orla's tonsils out. (climbs into bus)

Orla: And not a day goes by when I don't think about them.

[On the road, in the bus.]

All: Give peace a chance! Give peace a chance! Give peace a chance! Give peace a chance!

[Getting off the bus.]

Jenny and Aisling: No hate! No hate! Let's integrate!

(Sister Michael steps out.)

Sister Michael: Kill me.

(The Protestant bus drives in.)

Michelle: (smiling) The Prods have landed!

(Everyone looks excited. The headmistress and the Protestant boys start stepping out.)

Miss Taylor: Single file!

(The boys line up outside the bus.)

Sister Michael: (walking over to headmistress) You must be Miss Taylor?

Miss Taylor: That's right. Well, Janet.

Sister Michael: Michael. Sister Michael.

(They shake hands coldly.)

Miss Taylor: It's a pleasure.

Sister Michael: I know.

Miss Taylor: (to the Protestants) Move it.

Sister Michael: (to the Catholics) Shift it.

(The kids all start walking inside the building.)

Miss Taylor: Why's everyone so desperate for them to mix? I think we should keep them separate.

Sister Michael: (looking impressed) I think we should keep them in cages.

(They exchange evil smirks.)

[Inside the building.]

Sister Michael: So, our Lady Immaculate girls have been split into groups, A through to F, as have the Londonderry Boys Academy.

(Erin and Michelle glance towards the boys.)

Miss Taylor: We'd like As to find As, Bs to find Bs, et cetera, and so on. It's very straightforward. However, if that isn't clear, feel free to say so.

Sister Michael: But know that you will be judged.

[Time lapse. The kids have found their partners.]

Erin: (holding a teddy bear) Ach, lads, you really shouldn't have.

Dee: (holding gift bag) I'm starting to see that all right.

(James smiles at his teddy bear.)

Michelle: (holding a teddy) I'm going to keep mine on my bed, where I sleep, in me knickers. (flirtatiously stares at Harry)

Harry: Right.

Dee: (holding Ulster Bank keyring) I mean, these are free for a start. My dad has, like, forty-five of them.

(James looks elated with his teddy bear.)

Jon: We were told it was an all girls school. You've been a bit short changed there.

James: Nah, it's fine, mate. It's all good, man. I'll I'll just give it to my bird.

Jon: (looking confused) Your bird?

James: Yeah, she's really fit and stuff.

Jon: Right, okay, great.

Clare: (to Harry) I'm sorry, but, is he okay?

(Harry puts his arm around Philip.)

Harry: Philip's actually deaf.

Clare: Oh.

Philip: In one ear.

Clare: He's deaf in one ear?

Harry: (nodding) That's right.

Clare: Which ear?

Philip: That's actually a very inappropriate question.

Clare: Is it?

Harry: It is, yeah.

Another Protestant guy: (with Jenny's present) Oh, my God! This is the best present ever!

Jenny: Aw, you guys!

Dee: (holding his Rolos) Rolo, anyone?

Sister Michael: Okay, listen up people! According to this, you're going to need a well, they've used the term, 'buddy', for tomorrow's activities.

Michelle: I bagsy Harry! (she runs to Harry)

Erin: What? But that's not fair, he's the only good-looking one.

Dee: The rest of us are right here.

Michelle: You snooze, you lose, Erin.

(Michelle smiles at Harry. He looks awkward.)

Erin: (to Dee) I suppose I'll have you, then.

Dee: (offended) Aren't you a charmer?

James: (to Jon) So should us two bad bastards hook up, or what?

Jon: I'm sorry?

James: Um, will you be my buddy, please?

Jon: (looking confused) Sure.

(James smiles in embarrassment.)

Clare: Listen, Philip, about the whole 'which ear' thing

Philip: It's fine. I'll be your partner.

Clare: (excited) Ah, great! And, just to be clear, are you a fully blown Protestant?

Philip: Of course.

(Clare excitedly stands beside him.)

Orla: Sister Michael! I don't have a Protestant!

Sister Michael: Well, you'll just have to share with James.

James: What? No.

(Orla looks happy.)

Sister Michael: Look, there just aren't enough Protestants to go round.

(Orla bops Jon in the nose with James' teddy. James looks sad.)

(Sister Michael and Miss Taylor stand together, drinking tea.)

Miss Taylor: The mediator's here. He's one of your lot.

Sister Michael: (her face drops in dread) Not a priest?

(Miss Taylor nods. Sister Michael rolls her eyes in annoyance.)

Miss Taylor: Quite young. Southern. Bit of an arsehole, but oh my God amazing hair.

(Sister Michael stops drinking her tea in shock.)

Sister Michael: Oh, for feck's sake.

[Time lapse. Father Peter has arrived.]

(Father Peter slicks his hair back with his hand, in slow motion.)

Father Peter: Okay, so I see a few familiar faces out there. As some of you may know, I took a bit of a sabbatical last year.

Michelle: Do you mean when you shacked up with a slutty hairdresser, but then she dumped you?

Sister Michael: Miss Mallon, please! Raise your hand if you want to ask a question.

(Michelle raises her hand.)

Father Peter: Okay, I think we should just move on.

Sister Michael: The hairdresser certainly did.

Father Peter: Okay, so this is just a little exercise I like to kick off with.

(Sister Michael sighs and lies back in her seat.)

Sister Michael: Ah, give me strength!

Father Peter: I want you guys to give me examples of things that Catholics and Protestants have in common, and things that they don't have in common. Let's start with the similarities. Erin, why don't you get the ball rolling?

Erin: Okay. So, we both Right So, we all God, this is actually quite hard.

Father Peter: Anything at all, a small thing, even.

Erin: Okay, so Right. (laughs) God, I'm actually drawing a blank here, to be honest. (shakes her head)

Father Peter: Not to worry. Someone else? A similarity. Yes?

Philip: (his hand is raised) Protestants are British and Catholics are Irish.

Father Peter: So, that's actually a difference. Quite a Quite a big difference.

(Clare looks confused.)

Father Peter: But that's okay. We can write that down.

(Jenny writes it down in differences.)

Father Peter: Now, back to similarities. Yes?

Michelle: (hand raised) Protestants are richer.

Father Peter: Okay, so that's another difference. And I'm not sure that's actually I mean, is that true?

Sister Michael: (nodding) I would say so.

Miss Taylor: Mmm, yeah, I suppose that's fair enough.

(Jon raises his hand.)

Father Peter: Yes, off you go.

Jon: Catholics really buzz off statues and we don't so much.

(Orla hugs the teddy she stole from James. She nods.)

Sister Michael: I do enjoy a good statue, it has to be said.

Father Peter: So again, what we have there is a difference.

Orla: (raising her hand) Ohh! Protestants like to march and Catholics like to walk.

Father Peter: Okay, can we just Jenny, can you just? Oh you've already written it down, have you?

(Jenny nods.)

Father Peter: Great. Thank you, Jenny.

(Sister Michael smirks softly.)

Father Peter: I just want to pause and think about what's in here. (points at his heart)

(Everyone looks confused.)

Father Peter: What about the fact that we all feel, and love, and hope, and Write this down. We all cry. We all laugh. We all dream.

(Aisling hesitates awkwardly, and doesn't write anything.)

Father Peter: So I just want to think along those lines, for a moment. Okay?

Protestant boy: Catholics watch RTE!

Catholic girl: Protestants love cleaning!

Michelle: Protestants are taller!

Dee: Catholics have more freckles!

(Father Peter looks exhausted.)

Orla: Protestants hate Abba!

(Jenny has filled the board with differences.)

Father Peter: Okay, let me just rephrase slightly.

(Aisling's board of similarities is empty.)

Father Peter: Can you think of anything that unites every single person in this room?

(Silence.)

Father Peter: Is there anything that we all want?

Sister Michael: (bored) For this to be over.

Father Peter: And we'll wrap it up there.

[Night time. Michelle, Erin, Clare, James and Orla sneak out of their room in their pyjamas.]

Erin: I'm not sure about this.

Michelle: I knew you'd fanny out!

Erin: These lads have moves. You said so yourself, Michelle. And I haven't got any moves!

(They walk up the stairs.)

Michelle: Look, let's just get in there, have a few drinks, and just loosen up a bit.

Clare: No! No loosening up! I don't like it!

James: Just be confident, Erin. Boys like that.

Michelle: How the fuck would you know what boys like?

James: Cause I'm a boy, Michelle. I'm a real live boy.

Orla: Aw, yeah, like Pinocchio.

(They reach the boys' door.)

Michelle: (touching Erin's hair) Listen be sexy, okay?

Erin: Sexy, right.

(Erin leans against the wall and pouts.)

Michelle: I said be sexy, not be a fucking blowfish, Erin.

(Erin looks offended and tries to be sexy again. Michelle knocks.)

(Jon opens the door, looking confused.)

James: Hello, mate.

Michelle: We heard you boys are having a party.

Jon: No?

Michelle: Well yous are now.

(They all walk into the room. Orla stares at Jon close to his face. He looks scared.)

[Time lapse. Music is playing.]

(Erin stands awkwardly.)

Dee: I really like this one. Have you seen the video?

Erin: Okay, let's cut the crap, Dee.

Dee: Sorry?

Erin: You know why I'm here. But before we begin

Dee: Begin what?

Erin: I won't have as many moves as you. (shrugs) I just want to get that out there.

(Dee looks confused.)

Dee: I really don't know

Erin: I haven't put the hours in, and that's not because I'm lazy, it's just not part of our culture. But if you're okay with that, I say we just crack on.

(She gazes at him intensely. He looks confused.)

(Orla crunches crisps in Jon's ear. He looks uncomfortable.)

James: Fancy another beer, mate?

(Jon looks at him and says nothing.)

James: Christ but I just love beer. Don't you just love beer?

Jon: Yeah, beer is nice.

(James smiles ecstatically.)

James: I love beer and football and poker and, you know, tits.

Jon: (looking disgusted) Tits?

James: Can't get enough of them. Then again, I am a lad.

Orla: Yeah, he may be a lad, Jon, but I can offer you protection. (lowers voice) I have a hunting knife.

Jon: Right. Okay. (he quickly moves away from Orla.)

James: Wait, wait, wait, wait. Where are you going?

Jon: Nature's calling.

Orla: Woah! Number one or number two?

Jon: Excuse me?

Orla: Just answer the question, Jon.

Jon: I don't want to answer the question. I'm not comfortable with the question.

Orla: Cause if it's a number two, it's safer to bury it. You don't want a pack of wolves following your scent out in these parts. Those boys, they'll tear you limb from limb.

Jon: We're inside.

Orla: They have very sophisticated noses, Jon.

Jon: (looking terrified) I'm going to go now. (walks away)

James: (to Orla) Can't you let me have anything for myself?

Orla: No.

(Michelle and Harry are kissing on the bed. They stop. Michelle clears her throat.)

Michelle: (stroking his arm) Do you want to go somewhere a bit more private?

Harry: I'm not sure that's a good idea.

Michelle: Why not?

(Harry holds up his wrist to show her a bracelet.)

Michelle: What the fuck's that?

Clare: (talking to Philip) And I think the reason I was interested in whether you were a fully-blown Protestant is because as far as I'm concerned, you can't be Protestant enough. I am all for the Protestants. I can't get enough of them. Protestant mad, I am. And I think I may be running with this but I'm sure you really like Catholics too, it's just that we have been conditioned to

Philip: I don't.

Clare: What? You don't?

Philip: No. I hate them. I think they're all arseholes.

Clare: (looking offended) That's not true. That can't be true.

Philip: It is. And they're all thick as shit. I despise them. I really do.

Clare: (looking shocked) Okay.

Erin: (to Dee) So, how do you wanna do this? (she moves towards him flirtatiously) Do you wanna kick things off, or, should I? (she puts her arm around him)

Dee: Oh, my God. Are you coming on to me? Is that what this is?

(Erin moves back, looking upset.)

Dee: I thought you were having some sort of breakdown.

(Michelle grabs Erin and pulls her aside.)

Michelle: He's wearing a purity bracelet.

Erin: What does that mean?

Michelle: No down-below action, that's what it fucking means! We have to swap.

Erin: Swap?

Michelle: Yeah, we'll just swap over. You take Harry, I'll take Lee.

Erin: Dee.

Michelle: Whatever.

Erin: We can't do that.

Michelle: Why not? You fancied him first, and your lack of moves won't be an issue.

Erin: That is true.

Michelle: Aye.

(Jon runs in and slaps the door.)

Jon: She's coming!

Erin: Who?

Jon: (frantic) The woman. The small, angry penguin woman.

Clare: (gasps) Sister Michael!

Michelle: Shit!

(They all run around in a fluster, hiding drinks.)

(Sister Michael walks in with Jenny. They all try to look normal.)

Erin: Oh, good evening, Sister. We just popped round because we had a few questions about the British Empire, which the boys have cleared up for us now, so

Jenny: They weren't talking about the British Empire, Sister. They were having a party. I could hear the music.

Sister Michael: You will go far in life Jenny.

(Jenny smiles smugly.)

Sister Michael: But you will not be well liked. Honestly, girls! I need my eight hours, but I've had Mary Quinn on the phone frying my head and now this!

Erin: (worried) What? My mother rang? Why? Is everything okay?

Sister Michael: Oh, she was very distressed. She wanted me to pass on a message.

Erin: And are you gonna?

Sister Michael: (sighs and rolls her eyes) Oh, fine. (she takes out a piece of paper) Uh, 'Erin, I need some information. Can you find out in a subtle way if Michelle's mother was given the big bowl by someone she has since fallen out with, and if she can no longer bring herself to look at the big bowl because it's just too painful? All the best, your mother, Mary.'

Erin: (turning to Michelle) Well?

Michelle: (shrugs) No.

Sister Michael: Shift it. Let's go. Come on. Quick.

(Erin, Michelle, Clare, James and Orla walk out of the room. Jenny looks satisfied.)

Sister Michael: Jenny.

(Jenny's smile fades and she follows.)

[The next day, on a hill in a field.]

Erin: (to Michelle) What's wrong with Clare? She hasn't said two words since last night.

Michelle: Well, I'm not complaining.

(Orla is clutching onto Jon. James is wearing his pink waterproof trousers.)

James: I just did it for a laugh. The trousers. I'll do anything for a laugh, me. I'm mad like that.

(Orla shoves James.)

Jon: Right.

Michelle: All right, there they are.

Erin: Okay, if we're gonna do this, Michelle, we need to do it delicately.

Michelle: Of course. Oi! Lads! We want to swap!

Erin: (annoyed) Brilliant!

Dee: Swap?

Michelle: Yeah. Erin's gonna have Harry now and I'm gonna have you, all right?

(They say nothing.)

Michelle: Great stuff. (gives thumbs up)

[Beside rocks.]

Father Peter: I think we all can agree that for generations there's been a deep lack of trust between your communities. And that's where abseiling comes in.

Sister Michael: (rolling her eyes) Jesus Christ.

Father Peter: Abseiling is a great trust-building exercise, because what you're doing is, you're saying to your buddy, 'lean on me, I'm here for you.' Now, let me see who's first. Ah, Clare. Clare Devlin, there you are.

Clare: Ah, I'm not sure about this.

Michelle: (pushing Clare) You'll be grand.

Clare: No, listen, you don't understand.

Father Peter: Now, where's your buddy?

(Philip raises his hand.)

Father Peter: Good man, yourself. Come on up.

(Clare looks terrified. Philip walks towards her.)

[On top of the mountain.]

Father Peter: Philip will control Clare's descent, by feeding her rope through what's known as a belay device. So he'll be the one actually dictating the speed of her drop.

Clare: I think if it's okay, I'd just like to take a moment, and just

(The man pushes her backwards. She screams.)

Clare: Jesus! Ahhhh! Ahhhh!

Father Peter: Are you ready, Philip?

Philip: Ohh, yeah. (he smiles down at Clare)

(Clare shakes her head in terror and whimpers.)

Father Peter: Okay, so, on three.

Clare: Seriously, folks, I'm not feeling entirely comfortable with this!

(Philip smiles.)

Father Peter: One two

(Clare screams.)

Father Peter: Three.

(Philip begins feeding the rope through. Clare drops suddenly. She screams.)

Clare: Stop! Stop it! Get me out of here! He's trying to kill me!

(Michelle looks entertained. Erin looks worried.)

Clare: He wants to kill us all! All of the Catholics!

(Philip looks confused.)

Clare: Look at his eyes, he's a madman! A Fenian-hating madman!

(Everyone looks up at her in confusion.)

Clare: Don't let the Jaffa bastard hurt me! Please!

(Michelle laughs.)

Erin: Jesus, Clare!

Michelle: Fuck-a-doodle-doo!

Clare: He said he hated us!

Philip: No, I didn't.

Clare: Last night, you said you hated Catholics! Admit it!

Philip: I said I hated athletes! I'm not much of a sports fan.

Clare: But we weren't even talking about athletes!

Philip: Yeah, well, I thought we were.

Clare: Why would you have thought we were talking about athletes?!

Philip: Because, I'm deaf in one ear!

(Clare pauses suddenly and realises her mistake.)

Michelle: Catholics sounds a bit like athletes, to be fair to him, like!

(Everyone mutters in agreement.)

Dee: They're all arseholes.

Erin: What's that supposed to mean?

Harry: You tried to swap us.

Dee: Because all Protestants are the same? Aren't they, girls?

Michelle: Yes.

Erin: No!

Jon: (turning to James) And this guy's really creepy, and a bit sort of sexist. (turning to Orla) And she carries a knife and makes people bury their own excrement.

(Orla nods in agreement.)

Protestant boy: Fucking Catholics.

Michelle: Who said that?!

Erin: Who?!

(They all start fighting. Sister Mary and Miss Taylor drink their tea peacefully.)

Miss Taylor: Should we break it up?

Father Peter: (people grabbing his hair) Don't touch the hair! Don't touch the hair!

Sister Michael: Let's leave it a minute. (she eats a biscuit)

[Outside the building. The parents have arrived.]

Mary: I just cannot get my head around it.

Gerry: For the love of God, Mary, it's only a bowl.

Mary: Who just gives away their big bowl, Gerry? It doesn't make sense.

Granda Joe: Aye, she's definitely up to something, love.

Sarah: I have always said that Deidre Mallon was a bit fly.

Granda Joe: I'd confront her about it.

Mary: Oh, I intend to.

Gerry: Great. Do that. Then maybe we can lay the whole bloody thing to rest.

Granda Joe: Take that tone with her again and I'll lay you to rest, boyo!

[Inside the building. The kids all sit in a circle with their parents.]

Gerry: (to Clare's mum) Do you know what this is about, Geraldine?

Geraldine: As far as I can make out, these lads tried to throw my Clare off a cliff.

Gerry: Desperate.

(Deidre walks in.)

Deidre: You all right, Mary? How's the big bowl working out for you?

Mary: Great. Great. Thanks very much, Deidre.

Gerry: Well, that got to the bottom of it, all right.

(Mary glares at him. Joe glares at him.)

Father Peter: Is that everyone? Lovely stuff.

(Sister Michael and Miss Taylor look annoyed, with their arms crossed. Sister Michael has her back to Peter.)

Father Peter: Okay, so, there was a bit of a misunderstanding on the expedition today, which unfortunately led to a physical altercation. I thought rather than let it fester, we should talk about it, and start to heal, and repair. So, who'd like to go first?

[Time lapse. Everyone is fighting.]

Geraldine: (to Clare) Jaffa bastard? You actually said those words?!

Clare: (crying) It just came out, Mammy!

Sarah: (to Orla) But why were you threatening people with a knife, love? (feeds Orla cake)

Father Peter: Okay, one at a time, please.

Philip's dad: Well if you'd wear the bloody hearing aid I paid a fortune for, you'd have heard what she said!

Harry's dad: Girls! Girls! You were fighting with girls!

Granda Joe: (to Gerry) This is all your fault, you know. I knew this would happen. See that child over there

(Erin walks past the mayhem, up to the 'similarities' blackboard. She writes 'Parents'. She exchanges a smile with Dee.)



Episode 2

[In the assembly hall at school.]

Sister Michael: As you all know, at the beginning of term, the Bishop graciously bestowed a beautiful piece of religious art onto Our Lady Immaculate College, the enchanting Child of Prague.

(She pulls away a piece of fabric to reveal the statue.)

(James looks deeply confused.)

Sister Michael: There we are. Sure, isn't he a great fella altogether?

James: I still don't get what it's supposed to be.

Michelle: It's Jesus as a wain.

James: (tilting his head) Why's he got a big red hat on?

Michelle: Nobody knows.

Sister Michael: It was the Bishop's wish that he be passed around all the schools in the Derry Diocese. Therefore we are joined this morning by Mr. Malone, headmaster of St. Benedict's, so that the handover ceremony can take place. You are very welcome, Mr. Malone. Though I fear you may have had a wasted journey. I've thought about it, and I'd much rather just hold onto him, actually. (she smiles) He brightens up my office. (sternly) He doesn't answer back.

(The kids look awkward.)

Sister Michael: I like the fella. And if the Bishop has a problem with that, he can take it up with me. Now, what else was there? (she takes a sheet of paper) Ah, yes. Sadly, Sister Patrick has decided to leave us.

(Erin yawns.)

Sister Michael: She's returning to her missionary work, educating the heathen inhabitants of a primitive and savage place.

Woman: She's taking a teaching post in Belfast, Sister.

Sister Michael: Precisely. The Board of Governors promised me that her replacement would arrive today, but as usual they were talking out of their

(Door bangs. Sister Michael looks up. New English teacher, Ms. De Brn stands at the back of the hall with a helmet in her hand.)

Ms. De Brn: I believe you've been expecting me.

(The students all look shocked and excited. Orla shakes her head.)

Sister Michael: (rolling her eyes) Here we go.

[In the English classroom.]

(Ms. De Brn writes her name on the blackboard. As she finishes, she whacks the chalk across the room and sits down with her feet up. She sighs.)

(Erin waits expectantly. Jenny raises her hand.)

Jenny: What is it we should be doing, Miss?

Ms. De Brn: What should you be doing? (puts her feet down on the floor) Now, there's the question. But let me ask you a better one. What is it you want to do?

Michelle: Get pished.

Erin: (annoyed) Hmm.

Jenny: I'd quite like some feedback on the poetry assignment, actually.

Michelle: Dickhead.

Jenny: It counts towards our final grade, people!

Ms. De Brn: This is 12A, right?

Jenny: That is correct, Miss.

Ms. De Brn: And you are?

Jenny: Jenny. Jenny Joyce.

(Ms. De Brn looks through the assignments until she finds Jenny's.)

Ms. De Brn: Here we go. (stands up) The Flower, by Jenny Joyce.

Jenny: You're not going to read it out, are you?

Ms. De Brn: Of course. Poetry should always be read aloud.

(Erin looks inspired. Jenny looks uncomfortable.)

Ms. De Brn: Some flowers are tall, some flowers are small, some flowers barely grow at all. (throws sheet on the floor) Okay.

Jenny: That's not the end.

Ms. De Brn: It should be.

(Jenny looks offended.)

Ms. De Brn: (flicking through the sheets) Here's a poem about a dog. Here's another one about a dog. This one has no name on it. 'An English Rose Among Thorns'?

(James awkwardly raises his hand.)

Ms. De Brn: Yeah, I can see why you might want to remain anonymous, all right.

(James looks embarrassed.)

Ms. De Brn: Dog poem. Poem about a tree. This one's called 'Boys'. I think boys are really class, especially the ones who have a nice ass.

Michelle: (looking proud) It's called a haiku.

Ms. De Brn: That's not what I would call it.

(Michelle looks deflated.)

Ms. De Brn: Dog poem. Dog poem. (throwing sheets on the floor) Oh, here someone's just drawn a picture of a dog.

(Orla looks up suddenly.)

Ms. De Brn: That is not bad, actually. (sets sheet on her desk)

Orla: Thank you very much.

Ms. De Brn: This person has written about how much they love their English class, in an embarrassing attempt to suck up to the teacher.

(Clare looks embarrassed and regretful.)

Ms. De Brn: (continuing to throw sheets on the floor.) Dog poem. Dog poem. Cat poem.

(Erin raises her hand.)

Ms. De Brn: Yes?

Erin: I think a lot of people in this class, and I know no one will mind me saying this, well, they have a very basic grasp of the creative process.

(Michelle gives Erin a dirty look.)

Erin: Whereas I've been writing for years, so I'm really not afraid to put myself out there. To be bold. To take risks.

Ms. De Brn: And you are?

Orla: That's my cousin.

Erin: Erin Quinn.

Ms. De Brn: Erin Quinn. (picks up sheet) Here we go.

(Erin smiles.)

Ms. De Brn: (reading Erin's poem) The bullet's fired on the streets as I lie in my bed, are nothing to the bullets being fired in my head.

Erin: It's about The Troubles, in a political sense, but also about my own troubles, in a personal sense.

Ms. De Brn: No, I understand the weak analogy. This isn't bold, Erin. It's someone failing to be bold.

Erin: I'm sorry if the subtleties of my work were lost on you, Ms. De Brn.

Ms. De Brn: Poetry is truth. And great poetry is raw and real and messy and glorious and ugly. It is dragged from the depths of the soul. It helps us understand each other and ourselves. Do you get what I'm saying?

Erin: (looking emotional) Yes. Yes, I think I do, actually.

Michelle: Not a baldies.

Ms. De Brn: It's not often in life you're allowed to tear up the page and start over. (tears page in half) But I am gonna give you that chance. (throws paper on the floor) Impress me.

[At the cinema.]

Mary: Ach, this is lovely, Gerry.

Gerry: I thought it'd be nice for us to do something together, just the two of us, you know?

Sarah: Mary! Gerry!

(Mary and Gerry turn in shock.)

Sarah: You're not allowed to smoke in this place. Can you believe that? It's barbaric.

Gerry: Sarah, what are you doing here?

Sarah: Mary said you were having a wee night to yourselves, so I thought you might want some company.

Gerry: Why? W-why would you think that?

Ciaran: Sarah!

Gerry: Ah, himself as well, is it? Great!

Mary: (fake smiling) Sweet Jesus.

Ciaran: (smiling) Hiya, how are ye?

Sarah: They don't let you smoke in here, Ciaran. Can you credit it?

Ciaran: This is a nice surprise. When Sarah asked me to the cinema, I thought, well, I thought she meant just the two of us.

Gerry: No, Ciaran, because that would be what's the word now? Normal.

Ciaran: Double date it is then, so.

Mary: Wonder what's keeping Daddy.

(They look shocked.)

Gerry: Excuse me?

(Granda Joe appears.)

Granda Joe: (holding tickets) I've got the tickets.

Mary: We haven't decided what we want to see yet, Da!

Granda Joe: Well, I liked the look of that one with all the lads in the line-up. It's got your man in it, the farmer from Glenroe.

Mary: What, Gabriel Byrne?

Ciaran: He's done a fair bit since Glenroe now.

Granda Joe: And who are you? His agent?

Mary: Da, I don't understand this. You hate the cinema.

Granda Joe: Oh, not since I discovered it's the only way I can spend time with our Colm. It's the one place the boring bastard doesn't talk.

Mary: But Colm's not here, is he, Da?

(Joe doesn't say anything. Mary looks worried.)

Mary: Da?

(Colm is at the till, talking to the cashier. There is a long queue behind him.)

Uncle Colm: And that's not to say, now, that in my younger years, I didn't enjoy a boiled sweet, but then I heard tell of a fella from Ballynahinch What was it his name was, now?

(The cashier looks at the queue impatiently.)

Uncle Colm: I had it there a minute ago. Ach, it'll come to me. Anyway, this Ballynahinch lad, and as I say, his name escapes me

(Mary looks at Colm in dread.)

Uncle Colm: But he was mad keen on the boiled sweets. Sure, he couldn't get enough of them. But in the end, well, didn't he choke to death on one? A pear drop, I think it was. Or a clove rock maybe

(Cashier mouths an apology to the others in the queue.)

Uncle Colm: But either way, it's not how I'd want to go. (shaking his head)

Mary: (to cashier) I know, love. I know. (she leads Colm away from the till)

[In the screen, watching the film. Joe sits between Mary and Gerry. Colm sits between Ciaran and Sarah.]

Gerry: Well, isn't this romantic?

Granda Joe: (shouting) Thon fella's nothing but a fly bastard! Don't you be trusting him!

Gerry: (to Mary) I just want to check, does your father think that they can hear him?

Mary: Shh!

(Doors open suddenly. Three men walk in.)

Man: Apologies, folks. We've just had a wee security alert there. I'm afraid we're gonna have to carry out a wee evacuation. So, if you'll all follow me. Lovely, great stuff.

(They all start walking out.)

Granda Joe: (to Gerry) That's the last time I let you organise a night out.

Gerry: Okay, then.

Mary: What about this Keyser Soze fella?

Sarah: Who's Keyser Soze?

Mary: Exactly!

[In the Quinn kitchen. The kids are eating junk food and writing.]

Clare: (frustrated) God, this whole writing-from-the-soul carry-on is a nightmare.

James: I know.

Michelle: What rhymes with ride?

Clare: Bide.

Michelle: Bide? What the fuck does bide mean? Bide. That's not a word.

Clare: It is a word, Michelle.

Michelle: Bide? You've pure made that up.

Erin: Can we all be quiet? Please.

Orla: (holding up a picture she drew of James) What do you think, James? You've got red eyes cause I ran out of brown.

James: My eyes are green.

Orla: Now you tell me. (she looks distraught)

Erin: Okay. So, I'm trying not to think too much. Just to sort of let it flow through me.

Michelle: Aw, that's minging Erin.

Erin: (annoyed) Here's what I have so far. You know we belong together, you and I, forever and ever. No matter where you are, you're my guiding star.

James: Isn't that the theme tune to Home and Away?

Erin: Is it? (frustrated) Aw, for God's sake!

[Door opens.]

Erin: Shit!

(They start stuffing food into their mouths and clearing wrappers.)

Gerry: My money's on Alec Baldwin's brother.

Mary: It's Gabriel Byrne. I'm telling you.

Granda Joe: The fella with the bad leg said it wasn't, Mary.

Mary: The fella with the bad leg's covering for him, Da!

(Erin looks guilty as she chews a mouthful of junk food.)

Mary: Sweet Jesus!

Erin: (mouth full) Mammy, we can explain.

Mary: (devastated) Not the Christmas cupboard?

Sarah:  They've had the very Tunnock's, Mary.

(Clare looks terrified.)

Mary: Animals, the lot of you!

Erin: We needed energy for our poetry.

Mary: I'll give you energy for your poetry!

Clare: (shaking and panicking) We were just gonna take a handful of chocolate money, Mary, but then one thing led to another.

Mary: What am I supposed to do? I'll have to start from scratch now. And December's only round the corner.

Gerry: It's eight months away, love.

(Mary glares at Gerry.)

Granda Joe: (to Gerry) This suits you, doesn't it?

Gerry: I'm sorry?

Granda Joe: I've seen you eyeing up that Christmas cupboard! You hoked about in there long before the wains did. I'll stake my life on it.

Gerry: That is simply not true.

Mary: Let's just salvage what we can.

Sarah: (lifting the Snowballs) There's only a couple of Snowballs left, Mary.

(Mary looks appalled.)

Sarah: It's been an absolute free-for-all.

Mary: Your mothers will be hearing about this.

Michelle: Aw, for f

Sarah: What got into you, girls? You know you don't touch the Christmas cupboard.

Erin: We're stressed! Our new English teacher made us rip up all our poems and redo them in one night.

Granda Joe: Who is this blow-in?

Michelle: Her name's Ms. De Brn. She's a bit of a bitch but, cracking eyeliner.

Sarah: Winged or smudged?

Michelle: Sort of both.

Sarah: Interesting.

Mary: She ripped up your poems?

Erin: She said we weren't writing from the soul.

Mary: Well why in under God weren't you writing from the soul?!

Erin: Seriously?

[At school. The kids are looking at photographs on the wall with Ms. De Brn.]

Ms. De Brn: It was difficult, so you've just given up? You might fail, so why bother trying?

Michelle: Exactly. Told you she'd understand.

(Orla smiles.)

Ms. De Brn: Have you ever stopped to look at these? These faces from the past. They're not so different from you, really. They had dreams like you do. They had ambitions. But now, they're gone. Dead. Dust.

Clare: (whispering) That's my Auntie Anne third from the left. She's not dead.

Erin: Shhh!

Clare: But she's only fifty-four. She runs the mobile library in Ballymagroarty.

Erin: Quiet.

Ms. De Brn: But did they fulfil those dreams, those ambitions? One day, girls, you too will just be an old photograph in a hallway. You only get one life. Don't be afraid to live it. Find your voice. Make your mark. (she walks away)

(Erin looks inspired. Michelle smiles. Orla looks indifferent. James and Clare look confused.)

[Time lapse. The kids are happily writing their poems.]

[In the English classroom. Ms. De Brn reads to the class.]

[In the playground.]

Ms. De Brn: Dig deep, something you hate, something you despise. No holding back! Come on! Get it out! 

(She throws a ball at Erin, first of the class in the queue.)

Erin: (hitting the ball) Injustice!

Ms. De Brn: Yes! (throwing ball at Clare)

Clare: (hitting the ball) Prejudice!

Ms. De Brn: Good! This is good!

[In the changing rooms. Clare, Erin and Michelle all check out their winged eyeliner in the mirror.]

[In the playground.]

Michelle: (hitting the ball) Mass!

Ms. De Brn: Come on!

Orla: (hitting the ball) My own socks!

Ms. De Brn: Okay!

Jenny: (hitting the ball) Being late for school!

James: The fact that people here use the word 'wee' to describe things that aren't even actually that small! (hits ball)

Ms. De Brn: God, but I love that accent, James!

(James smiles.)

[In the changing rooms. Orla and James apply winged eyeliner.]

[In the corridor.]

(The kids walk in slow motion confidently, with their new eyeliner on.)

(Orla swings her ponytail.)

(Sister Michael walks in front of them with her arms folded.)

[On the street at night.]

Erin: Ms. De Brn's amazing. I've just never met anyone like her.

James: She's an inspiration.

Clare: Absolutely.

Michelle: She really knows how to grab things by the balls!

Clare: Oh yeah!

(Orla looks confused.)

Erin: She's changed my life, she really has.

James: (beaming) She likes my accent.

Orla: I'd die for her.

Erin: I think I would too, you know.

James: Me, too.

Michelle: Aye, fuck it. Why not?

Clare: Yeah! I mean, obviously, I totally agree, I'd die for her as well, but I'm also conscious of the fact that we've only known her, like, two days.

Erin: And?

Clare: Well, is it a bit weird she's invited us round to her house at night?

Erin: What do you mean?

Clare: Well, she's a teacher.

Erin: She's much more than a teacher.

Clare: Yeah. No. Obviously. I get that. She's great, but it's just that I've a feeling it might be, sort of, frowned upon.

Erin: God, Clare. You're so conditioned.

Clare: What's that supposed to mean?

Michelle: It means you need to loosen the fuck up.

Clare: I am loose, thank you very much.

Michelle: Face it, Clare, you're a craic killer.

Clare: (stops walking) I'm not a craic killer.

(The others walk on.)

Clare: I am not a craic killer!!

[In Ms. De Brn's house.]

Ms. De Brn: (holding a glass of wine out to Clare) Some wine?

Clare: Oh, no. Actually, I don't (she hesitates, then holds out her hand) Cheers.

(Clare downs the whole glass of wine.)

Clare: Hit me again.

Ms. De Brn: Okay. (she laughs and pours more wine)

Michelle: You don't have much stuff.

Ms. De Brn: Everything I own can fit into a suitcase.

(Clare downs another glass of wine.)

Ms. De Brn: I've never understood why people weigh themselves down with meaningless crap, you know?

Erin: Yeah, God, I just hate possessions so much.

Orla: Does that mean I can have your Sylvanian Family collection?

Erin: Shut up, Orla.

Ms. De Brn: I don't like to feel tied down, you know. Life should be spontaneous, free.

(James smiles at Ms. De Brn.)

Erin: Big time.

Ms. De Brn: (holding up wine glass) Slainte.

(The kids all hold up their wine glasses.)

Clare: This is actually nice.

Orla: Mmm, it tastes a bit like blood.

Ms. De Brn: Life is no brief candle to me. It is a sort of splendid torch, which I have got hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible.

Erin: That's beautiful.

Ms. De Brn: Shaw. It's my favourite quote.

(Clare pours another glass of wine.)

Michelle: Take it easy, Oliver Reed.

Ms. De Brn: What's yours?

Erin: Be careful, child, of the doll made of glass. For if you hold her too tightly, she will break, and you will bleed.

Ms. De Brn: I don't think I'm familiar with that one. Who's it by?

Erin: Me. It's by me.

Ms. De Brn: Wow!

(Erin smiles proudly and nods.)

(Clare downs another glass of wine.)

[On the street.]

(Clare is drunk.)

Clare: I feel all floaty.

Michelle: She's absolutely fucking flying.

(Jenny Joyce appears.)

Jenny: Well, well, well. What are you guys up to?

Erin: Nothing much.

Clare: We've just been hanging out at Ms. De Brn's house.

Jenny: You were at her house? At night? Well, that's a bit inappropriate.

Clare: Your ma is a bit inappropriate.

Jenny: That doesn't even make sense.

Clare: Your ma doesn't even make sense.

Jenny: Is she drunk?

Clare: Your ma's drunk.

Erin: Okay, Clare. I think we get the idea. Lovely seeing you, Jenny.

Michelle: Take care now.

(They walk away.)

[In the Quinn kitchen.]

Mary: I never slept a wink last night, you know.

Sarah: Me either.

Mary: Keyser Soze?

Sarah: Naw. I went to bed with my rollers in. Sure, it's always a nightmare.

Mary: Then why do you do it?

Sarah: I've no volume at the root, Mary. What choice do I have?

Granda Joe: I'm leaning towards Pete Postlethwaite now.

Mary: It wasn't Pete Postlethwaite, Da. It's never Pete Postlethwaite. Look, this is driving me to distraction. We'll have to go back tonight.

Gerry: It's not in the listings anymore, love.

Mary: What?

Gerry: The cinema's stopped showing it.

Granda Joe: Oh, well done.

Gerry: It's not my fault.

Granda Joe: Ah, sure, nothing ever is.

Mary: (worried) What are we meant to do?

Gerry: Wait for them to release it on video.

Mary: I can't, Gerry! I can't go on like this! I need to know.

(Erin and Orla come downstairs.)

Erin: Well, that's us away.

Sarah: (to Orla) Where's your socks, love?

Orla: They're just not for me, Mammy. I'm sorry.

Sarah: You'll be foundered.

Orla: I know what I'm doing.

Erin: Have a great day, everyone.

Mary: What are you in such a good mood about?

(Orla walks out the door.)

Erin: Just, you know, life.

Mary: You're up to something, and I'll get to the bottom of it. Honest to God, Erin, between you and Keyser Soze, my head is turned.

(Orla walks back in.)

Erin: Who's Keyser Soze?

Gerry: God almighty!

[In the English classroom. The kids walk in.]

(Sister Michael is wiping Ms. De Brn's name off the blackboard. Erin's face drops.)

Sister Michael: Take a seat please, ladies.

Erin: Where's Ms. De Brn?

Sister Michael: Gone. And she's not coming back.

Erin: What?!

Clare: I knew it. When I woke up this morning, I had a feeling something terrible was going to happen and also that essentially, deep down, I'm quite an evil person.

Michelle: It's called a hangover, Clare. You'll be grand.

Sister Michael: I will be taking this class for the rest of the term, which makes me want to pull off my own face, but needs must.

Erin: (to Jenny) This was you, wasn't it? What did you do? What did you say?

Jenny: I don't know what you're talking about.

Erin: Aye, so you don't. Supergrass!

Sister Michael: That's quite enough!

Erin: You don't understand, Sister. Ms. De Brn, she touched us.

Sister Michael: What?

Erin: She made us think, she made us feel.

Sister Michael: (sighing) Oh, thank God! That would be all I need.

Erin: You can't sack her! You just can't!

(Clare drops her head into her hand, in pain.)

Sister Michael: (walking towards Erin) Miss Quinn, you appear to be under the misapprehension that you can address me as though you are my equal! I suggest you rein it in, and take a seat.

(The kids sit down and Jenny smiles with satisfaction.)

[Outside Sister Michael's office.]

Clare: (to Michelle) What if she's in there?

Michelle: It's Friday. She's at judo. Relax the kecks, Clare. (tuts)

(Michelle opens the door of Sister Michael's office. Clare looks terrified. They all walk in cautiously.)

[In Sister Michael's office. The kids stand before the Child of Prague statue.]

Michelle: Creepy wee fucker, isn't he?

Clare: I would just like to state once again for the record that I think this might be the worst idea we've ever had!

Erin: Look, do you want to help Ms. De Brn or not?

Clare: Can we not find a way to help her that doesn't involve abducting a holy statue?

Erin: We're not abducting him, Clare. We're kidnapping him.

Clare: (frantic) Is that different? I don't think that's different.

Erin: We'll give him back on the condition that Ms. De Brn is rightfully reinstated.

Clare: Oh, I'm sure Sister Michael will be fully on board with that.

Orla: Aye, me too.

Michelle: Okay, let's do the photograph.

Erin: Great, I'll write the ransom note.

James: (holding a camera) We need a copy of today's newspaper.

Clare: Why?

James: It's just the done thing, kidnapping-wise.

Orla: I've got last week's parish bulletin.

Michelle: That'll do.

Erin: (writing at the desk) I'm going to use my left hand just in case she recognises my handwriting.

Clare: Oh, well this is foolproof!

(James takes a photo of the statue.)

Erin: Should I start, 'Dear Sister Michael,' or 'To whom it may concern,' do you think?

(Clare looks furious.)

Michelle: (looking at the photograph) I don't know about this one. I think he looks a bit fat in it.

Orla: Yeah, that's not flattering.

Michelle: (moving the statue) Right, maybe if we just tilt him this way a bit.

James: (trying to move the statue) See, I think he needs to come forward a bit.

Michelle: It was fine where it was, dicko.

(They fight over the statue.)

James: Look, I'm the one taking the photo.

Michelle: Fuck off!

James: Just leave it, Michelle.

(They drop the statue. His head falls off and rolls across the floor.)

Clare: Ah! Good God!

(Erin picks the head off the floor.)

Erin: Okay. So we've gone a bit off course here.

Orla: Let's glue him!

Michelle: Brilliant! We'll just we'll just stick it back on, and it'll be grand.

(They quickly try to glue the head back on.)

(Sister Michael runs in, in her judo outfit.)

Sister Michael: Jesus, girls! What are you still doing here? I thought we had an intruder, and I tell you what, he'd have been a sorry boy, for I just nailed some serious moves.

(The kids look worried and guilty.)

(Sister Michael crosses her arms.)

Erin: We were just working on our English project, Sister.

(Clare nods.)

Sister Michael: Step aside.

(The kids don't move. Sister Michael clicks her fingers at them. They move to reveal the statue, with its head glued on upside down. Sister Michael looks distraught.)

Sister Michael: What in God's name have you done?

[Time lapse. Miss Mooney is taking a photo of the statue. Sister Michael sits sadly at her desk.]

Erin: How could you have glued his head on upside down, Orla? He's wearing a hat, for Christ's sake!

Sister Michael: Quiet!

(Geraldine Devlin walks in. Mary, Sarah and Deidre are already there.)

Geraldine: All right, Mary, Sarah, Deidre. Your girls involved in this beheading too, then?

Clare: It wasn't me, Mammy!

Geraldine: (furious) Do not speak to me, Clare! In fact, don't even breathe.

(Clare looks shocked. She holds her breath.)

Sister Michael: Take a seat, Mrs. Devlin.

(Geraldine sits down.)

Sister Michael: The statue was stolen from this room, so I've asked Miss Mooney to photograph the scene. Either it is replaced, at your expense, or the school will sue!

Sarah: To be honest, Sister, and I'm not just saying this, I think he looks better.

Sister Michael: He looks like his head's on upside down.

(Mary elbows Sarah.)

Sister Michael: And I'll be suspending them for a week!

Clare: Oh, please God, no!

Deidre: A week? We're going to be stuck with them for a week?

Geraldine: Be reasonable, Sister. We didn't behead the fella.

Mary: By Christ, you're in for it, Erin.

Erin: It was an accident, Mammy.

Sister Michael: Oh, so you accidentally wrote a ransom note, did you?

Erin: Okay, that bit wasn't an accident. But we were so upset by what happened to Ms. De Brn. It was wrong. She shouldn't have been sacked.

Sister Michael: She wasn't.

Erin: What?

(Knock on door. Ms. De Brn walks in.)

Ms. De Brn: Sorry to interrupt, Sister, but if I could just grab the old P45, then I'll be out of your way.

Erin: Excuse me?

Sister Michael: Ms. De Brn has decided to leave us.

Ms. De Brn: I got offered a post in St Dominic's Girls. Better wages, holiday pay, great pension, the works. I couldn't say no, really.

Erin: But what happened to living for the moment? What happened to Life should be spontaneous?

Ms. De Brn: Yeah, I know, but I'm buying a house and the mortgage rates are absolutely crippling at the minute.

Mary: Awk tell me about it.

Sister Michael: Part of the reason I became a nun  free accommodation.

Erin: But Ms. De Brn, you inspired me to do my greatest work.

Ms. De Brn: I see. Which was?

Erin: My poem. My glass doll poem. She's a doll made of glass. She's a glass doll. I read it to you last night.

Ms. De Brn: Yeah, I wasn't really listening, to be honest.

Erin: (shocked) Oh!

(Sister Michael passes something to Ms. De Brn.)

Ms. De Brn: Cheers.

(Ms. De Brn starts walking out the door. She turns to the kids.)

Ms. De Brn: Carpe diem.

(She walks out.)

Michelle: Carpe dickhead.

(Michelle chuckles. Her mum gives her a stern look. She immediately stops laughing.)

Erin: Well, I guess we never knew who the real Ms. De Brn was.

Mary: A bit like Keyser Soze.

Sister Michael: The fella with the bad leg.

Mary: What?

Sister Michael: Keyser Soze. He was the fella with the bad leg. He was talking absolute shite the whole time. He was one of those er, what do you call it? Unreliable narrators.

(Mary and Sarah look shocked and amazed.)

Mary: Well, that's very clever.

Sister Michael: Yeah, I thought so, too.

Miss Mooney: Look this way, girls.

(The kids all stand to get their picture taken.)