EPISODE 4
[In church. The Bridal Chorus plays.]

(The congregation turns to see Sarah walking down the aisle in white. The bride and her father walk behind her. The bride looks annoyed. Sarah squeezes in beside Mary.)

Sarah: Jesus, but that taxi took forever, so it did.

(Mary, Gerry and Erin look at Sarah in disgust.)

(The bride walks past Sarah, giving her a dirty look.)

Sarah: Oh, isn't she gorgeous?

Mary: Give me strength.

[At the reception. The bridesmaids console the bride.]

Mary: Everyone is looking at us.

Sarah: (drinking champagne) Do you think it's your hat?

Mary: What?

Sarah: It is a bit much, Mary. I did try to tell you.

Mary: My hat's a bit much? Really?

Woman: (to Sarah) You should be ashamed of yourself.

Granda Joe: (to Gerry) What in under Christ have you done now?

Gerry: I don't think she was talking to me, Joe. I think she was talking to the person in the full-length, white frock who just managed to upstage the actual bride.

Sarah: Och, I wouldn't say I upstaged her now, Gerry.

Mary: It's so mortifying.

Sarah: Well, take it off then, Mary.

Mary: What?

Sarah: The hat.

(Uncle Colm walks in.)

Granda Joe: Ah, shite.

Uncle Colm: There you are.

Granda Joe: He's spied us. Run, girls. Save yourselves.

Uncle Colm: John over there was just saying You know John? Lovely fella. Married to, er, Patricia, I think it is, and her mother worked in the credit union, you might remember. Absolutely crippled with the old gallstones, so she was.

Mary: Christ Almighty.

Uncle Colm: And the gallstones Well, now, they're no joke. A neighbour of mine, Dickie Dunnagan, by God, he was tortured with the gallstones. The size of gallstones, they were.

Mary: Um, and what did John say, Colm? For the love of God, what did he say?

Uncle Colm: He was telling me there, John was, that every being in the place is talking about Sarah's frock.

Sarah: (happily) Och, really?

Mary: Jesus, but this is an ordeal.

Uncle Colm: Well, at least they got a good day for it, Mary. I'll tell you, I was at one there, up in the Cathedral last week. By God, the wind could have cut you in two. Fierce it was, and now, I don't mind a bit of a breeze. If anything, I prefer it, but thon was aggressive. And I says to myself, says I, Colm, this is no day for a do. And, as it turns out

Mary: Can I just stop you there, Colm?

Uncle Colm: Surely, Mary. Go ahead.

Mary: Oh, no. I've nothing to say. I just really, really need you to stop talking.

Uncle Colm: Fair enough.

(Mary nods.)

Granda Joe: Herself's over there. Circling the drinks table.

(Gerry and Joe watch Aunt Bridie drink champagne.)

Granda Joe: Bitter old bat.

Mary: Da

Granda Joe: It's one glass per head. She has already necked the guts of four bottles.

Mary: Da!

Granda Joe: Though it'll hardly touch the sides. Tolerance of a rhino.

Mary: Stop it, okay? Bridie's still our aunt. Still Mammy's sister. And if Mammy was alive

Granda Joe: Your mother couldn't stick her.

Mary: Shh! She's coming over. (she smiles) Auntie Bridie, great to see you!

Aunt Bridie: (to Sarah) Well, you should be proud of yourself.

Sarah: (sincerely) Och, thanks very much.

Granda Joe: All right, Bridie? Are you well?

Aunt Bridie: Nope. Naw, I'm not actually. Not that you give a shit.

Eamonn: Mammy hasn't been keeping the best lately, Joe. I was a bit worried about her for a while.

Granda Joe: I wouldn't upset yourself too much, son. Sure, a bullet couldn't take your mother out. Isn't that right, Bridie?

Aunt Bridie: Still a prick, I see, Joe. Christ knows what our Marie ever saw in you, God rest her soul. Yous must still miss her terribly, girls.

(Sarah nods.)

Mary: We do indeed.

Aunt Bridie: Isn't it a crying shame neither of you got her looks?

Mary: Okay. So, Eamonn! Any craic with you? Are you seeing anyone? Should I maybe buy myself another hat?

Sarah: You should definitely buy yourself another hat, Mary. That thing does nothing for you.

Eamonn: I'm not seeing anyone.

Mary: Plenty of time, I suppose.

Aunt Bridie: Eamonn'll never marry.

Gerry: Is that a feeling, Bridie, or an instruction?

(Bridie stares angrily at Gerry. Gerry looks regretful.)

Sarah: Och, it's a great wee day so far, isn't it?

Mary: Beam me up.

[Time lapse. On the dancefloor. Uncle Colm talks to a random man. Erin and Orla are drinking from bottles.]

Erin: Thank God!

(Erin and Orla walk across the room to Clare, Michelle and James.)

Michelle: (excitedly) Motherfuckers!

Clare: How's it been?

Erin: Boring.

Orla: Brilliant!

Mary: Erin! Orla!

Erin: Oh, for Christ's sake.

Mary: I said you could invite one friend to the reception! One!

Erin: Och, Mummy, they don't come separately.

Michelle: Aye, we're pack animals, Mary.

James: I love your hat, Mrs. Quinn!

Mary: (looking flattered) Thanks, son.

Michelle: Dickhead.

Mary: Well, no oul carry on, do you hear me? We're in enough bother as it is. (to Erin) Best behaviour. (she walks away)

Clare: Completely!

Michelle: You'll have no trouble from us, Mary! Okay girls, who wants to do drugs?

Orla: (smiling) Me.

Clare: I'm sorry?

Michelle: Nothing heavy, just a bit of blow.

Erin: And where are you planning on getting a bit of blow from, Michelle?

(The priest walks past. The girls look awkward.)

Michelle: Right, well, you know Macca?

Erin: I can't say I do.

Michelle: Aye, Macca. Big Macca. Come on, everybody knows Macca!

Clare: We don't.

Michelle: Wise up! Macca? Macca! Macca. Macca!

Clare: That's not helping, Michelle!

Michelle: Macca. Tall fella, dark hair, wonky nose from when he used to do the bare-knuckle boxing. Och, he's loads of tattoos, big scar under his left eye. He was kicked out of Creggan for joyriding.

Clare: (sarcastically) Well, he sounds delightful!

Orla: (sincerely) He really does.

Michelle: He said he could hook us up. Class or what?

Erin: I'm not sure.

Clare: Well, I am. It's not happening. Drugs are for mugs, folks!

Michelle: Congratulations, Clare. That might be the dickiest sentence that anyone's ever said.

James: Come on, Michelle, what makes you think you can trust this Macca person?

Michelle: Well, he's not English for a start, so

Erin: James has a point.

Michelle: No, he doesn't!

Erin: What if he gives us dodgy gear?

Michelle: Dodgy gear? What is this, The Bill?!

Clare: I cannot believe you're even discussing it!

Michelle: Let's live a little, for fuck's sake!

Clare: I want no part of this, and if you guys decide to go through with it, then I'm sorry, but any friendship we have is over!

(Rock the Boat starts playing. The kids look excited.)

Clare: (screaming excitedly) Rock the Boat! It's Rock the Boat!

Michelle: Happy fucking days! Quick!

(They all run into the crowd.)

Orla: Bagsy the front! Bagsy the front!

(They push their way through. Erin shoves Eamonn as he tries to get into the line on the floor.)

(Most of the guests do the Rock the Boat dance on the floor. James looks stressed and confused.)

Michelle: You're just a wrecking ball, Clare.

Clare: Look, Michelle, drugs are illegal, drugs are addictive, but perhaps most importantly, in this country you can lose your kneecaps if you're caught doing them, and I like my kneecaps, Michelle. They suit my knees!

Orla: You do have cracking kneecaps, Clare!

James: Is that true?

Erin: Sort of.

(Mary, Gerry, Sarah and Joe dance at their table.)

(Uncle Colm continues talking to the same random man. The man looks bored.)

Mary: Oh, God.

Gerry: What is it?

Mary: He's got someone. Should we save the poor fella?

Granda Joe: No chance.

Sarah: Och, Daddy, he's only young.

Granda Joe: I don't care! When it comes to our Colm, it's every man for himself.

(The kids are still rocking the boat. James looks comfortable.)

(Bridie and Eamonn approach Mary, Gerry, Sarah and Joe.)

Aunt Bridie: I would like a word.

Eamonn: It's fine, Mammy.

Aunt Bridie: Indeed, it is not fine.

Mary: Something troubling you, Bridie?

Aunt Bridie: Aye, you could say that. My Eamonn has been waiting all night for this song.

Mary: For Rock the Boat? Really?

Aunt Bridie: But your girls pushed him out of the line, and now he has a bruise. Show them the bruise, Eamonn.

Eamonn: I bruise quite easily. (he pulls up his trousers to reveal his leg)

Aunt Bridie: That's not the point!

Mary: Right. I see. Well, I'm sorry about that, Eamonn.

Aunt Bridie: Is that all you have to say?

Mary: I'm not sure what else there is to say, Bridie, except maybe, our girls are sixteen and Eamonn's a fifty year old man.

Sarah: Look, it's a rough routine, Bridie. You know that going in. You sit down on that floor at your own risk.

Aunt Bridie: You are seriously not going to pull them up about this?

Mary: No, Bridie. We're not. It's Rock the Boat.

Aunt Bridie: Well, that certainly explains a few things.

Mary: What's that supposed to mean?

Aunt Bridie: It means that a bit of discipline would do those girls no harm. They have been running about all day like a couple of wild animals.

Mary: Okay, that'll do, Bridie.

Aunt Bridie: But then, the apple never did fall far from the tree.

Eamonn: Mammy, please.

Aunt Bridie: Yous girls never did know how to conduct yourselves. Nothing but a pair of hallions.

Gerry: Come on now, Bridie, that's enough of that.

Granda Joe: What, do they need you to defend them? You big pair of knickers.

Aunt Bridie: It wasn't my poor sister's fault. She tried her best with both of you, but you're your father's daughters, all right.

Mary: I'd rein it in now, if I were you.

Aunt Bridie: I really think you were a disappointment to her, you know?

(Eamonn looks shocked.)

Granda Joe: (standing up) Now, hold on a God damn minute!

Mary: (standing up) Daddy, you will not dignify that with a response.

Aunt Bridie: And I'll tell you something else. If your mother saw thon hat, she'd be turning in her grave, for its nothing but a bloody eyesore.

Mary: Och, drop dead, you spiteful oul hag!

(Bridie literally drops dead.)

Mary: Catch yourself on

(They all look shocked. All the guests crowd around the body.)

[In the Quinn kitchen. Mary sits in shock.]

Mary: I just cannot believe it.

Sarah: Listen, Mary, no matter what you've done, you're still my sister. I'll stand by you.

Mary: I haven't done anything, Sarah.

Granda Joe: Exactly, love. Everybody knows you didn't mean to kill the oul boot. God rest her soul.

Mary: I didn't kill her!

Granda Joe: Och, you know what I mean, not kill hex.

Mary: I didn't hex her either, Da! It was just a very tragic

Granda Joe: My mother, she had the gift too, you know. By God, that woman could make her enemies drop like flies.

Mary: Well look, I don't have any gift. There's no dark forces at play here. I just said something unfortunate that happened to

Sarah: Cause her death?

Mary: Coincide with her death!

(Erin and Orla stand by the sink.)

Erin: Right, well, that's the dishes done. Would you like another cup of tea there, Mammy?

Mary: No, I'm fine.

Erin: I'll just grab the Hoover and give the stairs a bit of a going over.

Orla: (eating a lolly) And I'll maybe do a bit of dusting.

Mary: What's gotten into you two? What are you up to? What do you want?

Erin: Nothing. We just thought that we should pull our weight a bit more, Mammy.

Orla: You do so much for us, Aunt Mary.

Erin: And you deserve a bit of a break.

Mary: I can't hex people, girls. It was an accident!

(Gerry walks in.)

Gerry: So how's the wicked witch of the North West?

Granda Joe: Who put 50p in the eejit?

Mary: God, how am I going to go to this wake?

Granda Joe: It'll be grand, love. But listen, see if things do get heated? Try not to rise to it. The last thing we want is another dead body on our hands, here.

Mary: I'll do my best, Da.

[At the wake, in Eamonn's house. Sarah, Mary, Joe, Gerry and Colm walk in. Sarah is wearing a fancy black dress.]

Eamonn: So good of you to come.

Mary: (shaking Eamonn's hand) God, this is a big turnout.

Eamonn: Well, Mammy was just so well liked.

Mary: Right. Really?

Eamonn: I suppose because she was the life and soul, wasn't she? Full of the joys, always laughing.

Granda Joe: We're talking about Bridie here, aren't we?

Mary: Yes, Da.

Eamonn: Look, Mary, there's something I need to say.

Sarah: Is this about the curse, Eamonn?

Eamonn: Sorry?

Sarah: Because Mary's saying she didn't do it and that's good enough for us.

Mary: That's the truth, Eamonn! I wouldn't know where to start with all that carry-on!

Eamonn: No, Mary, no, I was just going to say that my poor mother, God bless her and keep her

Granda Joe: Amen.

Eamonn: Well she didn't mean what she said at the wedding.

Mary: Oh please, you don't need to explain.

Eamonn: You were worried I'd think you'd put a curse on her?

(Sarah laughs.)

Mary: Well

(Eamonn laughs awkwardly.)

Eamonn: That's hilarious.

Mary: Aye.

Eamonn: I mean, obviously, a curse was my first thought. But I looked into it and Mammy's death, it doesn't meet the official requirements. (nodding) So you're completely in the clear on that front, Mary. Nothing to worry about at all.

Mary: (wincing awkwardly) Great.

[In Eamonn's kitchen. Two ladies are cooking.]

Gerry: We've brought some bits. Should we just leave them here?

(The ladies ignore him.)

Sister Michael: Genius.

Gerry: Sister! How are you?

Sister Michael: Well, I'm at a wake, Mr. Quinn, so I've had better evenings.

Gerry: Did you know Bridie, then?

Sister Michael: No. But I believe your wife put some sort of curse on her.

Gerry: Well, no. Not exactly.

Sister Michael: You're not a tongue person, are you?

Gerry: I'm sorry?

Sister Michael: I'm on communion duty. Christ, but I cannot stand the tongue people! I mean, what's all that about? You can't lift a wafer into your own mouth? You need me to do it for you?

Gerry: Right, yeah, that That must be tough.

Sister Michael: Father Thomas usually deals with the wakes, but he's very sick at the minute. Bedridden, in fact.

Gerry: God! What caused it?

Sister Michael: Jack Daniels, mostly.

Gerry: I see.

Old woman: I'll take them.

(She takes the food off Gerry.)

Gerry: Lovely stuff.

Old woman: I need six rounds of cheese and ham, four rounds of egg and cress and three rounds of tuna. Cut the cheese and ham in triangles, the egg and cress in rectangles, and the tuna Well you can freestyle.

(Gerry looks alarmed.)

Sister Michael: I'd get buttering if I were you.

Gerry: Grand, so

(Gerry starts making sandwiches.)

[In the room with the dead body. Erin and Orla stare down at the body.]

Orla: She really suits being dead, doesn't she?

Erin: What?

(Clare opens the door.)

Clare: (whispering) Can we come in?

(Michelle and James peer in behind Clare.)

Erin: Why are you whispering?

Clare: (whispering) I don't know.

(Clare, Michelle and James walk into the room.)

Erin: Thanks for coming, guys. It's nice to have a bit of support at this very difficult time.

Michelle: You thought she was a dick.

Erin: I never said that!

Orla: You did, Erin.

Clare: Aye, I definitely heard you say it!

James: (looking stressed) Okay, can I just check something? Everybody else can see the dead body, right?

Erin: It's just Bridie!

(Orla gazes at the dead body lovingly.)

James: It's Bridie's corpse. It's Bridie's dead corpse.

Michelle: It's her wake. What were you expecting?

Erin: Haven't you ever seen a dead body before?

James: Of course not!

Michelle: (scoffs) Christ, but the English are weird.

Orla: You can touch her if you want.

James: Why the hell would I want to touch her?!

Orla: It's nice.

(James looks disturbed.)

James: Stop it!

Clare: It's just a dead body, James. We're all going to be one someday.

James: (sarcastic) Oh, thanks for that, Clare. Yeah, that's helped.

Michelle: It really makes you think, doesn't it? Death. It just It makes you want to do everything, and just, like, try everything.

Clare: What's going on, Michelle?

Michelle: Do yous want to see something class? (opens her bag)

(Orla stares intensely at the bag.)

Clare: What is it?

Michelle: Prepare yourself, girls.

(Michelle opens a box of scones and shows the others.)

Erin: Scones.

Michelle: That's right.

Erin: What's so class about scones?

Orla: (smiling) Scones are lovely.

Clare: Aye, I like scones.

Michelle: These aren't any old scones, girls. These are funny scones.

Orla: Aye, they do look like good craic, in fairness.

Erin: Funny scones?

Clare: (frantic) They're drug scones! She's put the drugs in the scones!

Michelle: Too fucking right, I have! I wanted to do brownies but this was the only recipe my Ma had, so

Clare: We talked about this, Michelle. We agreed!

Michelle: No, we didn't. Anyway, drugs aren't illegal when you put them into food. Everybody knows that.

James: Is that right? I'm not sure that's right.

(Erin looks at the scones indecisively.)

(Old woman walks into the room.)

Old woman: Any cups up here?

(Michelle looks worried.)

Old woman: I'll take that.

(She takes the weed scones and walks out of the room with them.)

Michelle: What the fuck just happened?!

[In Eamonn's kitchen. Gerry is working hard.]

Old woman: Three cheese and tomato on brown bread.

Gerry: Brown, right, got it.

Old woman: Four salad on white.

Gerry: Salad, white. Hang on! Are they rectangles or triangles?!

Old woman: Two with no onion.

Old woman 2: We're low on vol-au-vents, Gerry!

Old woman 3: Here, that quiche isn't cooked, Gerry!

Gerry: Sweet suffering Jesus.

[In Eamonn's living room.]

Uncle Colm: And, now, I don't mind a bit of a breeze, if anything I prefer it, but thon was aggressive.

(Sister Michael stares painfully at Colm as he tells her his story.)

Uncle Colm: So, I says to myself, says I, Colm, this is no day for a do

Sister Michael: What's happening?

Uncle Colm:  for, when the bride arrived, and, as I say, by this stage the wind was fierce

Sister Michael: Am I dead?

Uncle Colm: I've never heard wind like it.

Sister Michael: Is this my wake?

Uncle Colm: Howling like a banshee, it was.

Sister Michael: Am I in hell?

Uncle Colm: So, the poor girl, the bride now, this is, she arrives anyway and isn't she no sooner out of the car than she's lifted up in the air like a paper doll, and blown into a flowerbed.

Sister Michael: (smiling thoughtfully) That's actually quite funny.

[Time lapse.]

(Granda Joe is eating a scone.)

(The kids sit on the stairs.)

Clare: What are we going to do? What in under God are we gonna do?!

Michelle: It's fine.

Clare: It's definitely not fine! There's drug scones down there! If people eat the drug scones then we'll have drugged those people, Michelle!

Michelle: So? Drugging people isn't a crime.

James: You've a very loose grasp of the law, Michelle.

Erin: What kind of person brings hash scones to a wake?

Michelle: Typical. I try and do a nice thing and this is the thanks I get.

Clare: It's terrible. There's old people down there. What if an old person takes one?!

Michelle: Why does everybody get so sentimental about old people?! Old people are arseholes!

Erin: We have to get them back.

Michelle: Look, I'm not disagreeing with you. I bought that stuff so I could get high, not your great uncle Colm.

Erin: Christ, can you imagine?

Orla: Hold on a minute, where did the scones go?

Erin: Okay. I'll head for the kitchen and grab whatever's still there. The rest of you look out for any ones that have gone rogue. And remember be subtle.

(Orla pats her trousers, looking for scones.)

(They all walk down the stairs and start mingling.)

Orla: (to an old woman) I need to take your scone.

Clare: (to Sister Michael) The thing is, I just have so many questions about God, about life after death.

Sister Michael: (rolling her eyes) Go away please. (raises scone to her mouth)

Clare: And I try to silence my doubts, I really do, but lately

Sister Michael: I don't believe it.

Old woman: (to Orla) Why?

Orla: (lifts her finger to the old woman's lips) I'm not allowed to say.

Old woman: Okay.

(Orla happily takes the scone and walks away.)

Clare: (to Sister Michael) What's wrong, Sister?

Sister Michael: (sniffing the scone) Are these cinnamon?

Clare: Do you like cinnamon?

Sister Michael: (shaking her head and putting the scone down) I can't be doing with cinnamon.

Clare: Then, that's what they are! Absolutely! 100%!

(Clare grabs Sister Michael's scone and runs away.)

[In the kitchen. Gerry is working with the three old women.]

Gerry: (furious) Where are me scallions?! How do you make a salad sandwich if you don't have scallions?! I asked for them ten minutes ago! Come on now, people! Let's get it together, please! And there's a multipack of Taytos still waiting to be bowled up! No cross contamination this time. I want cheese and onion in one bowl, salt and vinegar in another!

(Erin walks in, looking worried.)

Gerry: It is not that difficult, folks!

(Erin notices the scones on the counter. She approaches them.)

Granda Joe: Listen here, you.

Gerry: (looking concerned) Yes, Joe?

(Granda Joe walks over to Gerry and puts his hand on his shoulder.)

Granda Joe: I just want to say (he chuckles giggily in Gerry's face) I think you're doing a fine job. (he squeezes Gerry's cheek) Keep up the good work.

(Gerry looks shocked and confused. Erin looks guilty.)

[In the room with the dead body. Sarah and Mary stand over it.]

Mary: After all was said and done, she wasn't a bad oul soul. I was actually quite fond of her, you know. And I really hope she's up there now, looking down on us both, thinking What in under Christ?!

Sarah: Aye, me too, Mary.

Mary: No, Sarah. Look! The earrings. Look at the earrings!

Sarah: God, aye. I wouldn't have put a drop on her, now, she doesn't have enough neck. She'd have been better with a stud.

Mary: They're Mammy's. She's wearing Mammy's earrings!

Sarah: So they are! How did she get them?!

Mary: She probably swooped in like a vulture before Mammy drew her last breath. And now the oul bitch (turns to make sure no one's at the door)  is getting buried in them! Has the woman no shame?!

Sarah: Earrings like that don't deserve to be buried alive! It's a sin!

Mary: She is doing this to spite us, you know.

Sarah: What should we do?

Mary: I don't know.

Sarah: (whispering) We could replace them with exact replicas.

Mary: Right. We don't have exact replicas is the thing, though.

Sarah: That's true enough, Mary, true enough.

[In the bathroom. The kids are crowded around the toilet, throwing scones in.]

Michelle: I can't believe we're doing this. It's fucking heartbreaking! (she smells one)

Erin: Look, Granda's had one and now he's acting really, really weird.

Michelle: You're being paranoid, Erin.

Erin: He was nice to Daddy.

Michelle: (alarmed) Jesus!

Erin: Exactly. And if my ma starts asking questions

Michelle: Your ma won't trace it back to us.

Erin: Are you for real? She traces everything back to us! She traces things we haven't even done back to us!

Clare: Are you sure this'll work?

(Orla eats part of a scone.)

James: This is how you get rid of drugs, Clare. I've seen Goodfellas, like, twenty times.

Orla: Naw, it's not the only way. I watched this film once about this girl who was trying to hide drugs and what she did was, she shoved them right up her

(Clare looks disgusted.)

Michelle: I'm not sticking a scone up my hole, Orla. I'll tell you that for nothing.

Clare: Okay, I'm gonna flush.

Erin: Go for it!

(Clare flushes.)

Erin: Is it working?!

James: Of course it's working.

Clare: Is the water rising?!

Erin: Jesus Christ! Why's the water rising, James?

James: I don't know! The water didn't rise in Goodfellas!

Michelle: Fuck! We've clogged it!

Orla: Who has a plunger?

Erin: I'm afraid I left the house without my plunger tonight, Orla.

Orla: Aye, me too. Nightmare, so it is.

(The water fills the toilet. The kids all shout and jump back.)

[In the room with the dead body.]

(Sarah and Mary are pulling at the earrings on Bridie's body.)

Sarah: You mind your own ear, Mary! Don't concern yourself with mine!

Mary: It won't budge.

Sarah: What are they, like, glued on or something?

Mary: Pull harder!

Sarah: I'm pulling as hard as I can!

Mary: Oh! I got it!

(Mary is holding the earring as Eamonn walks in.)

Eamonn: Mary, look, this is a bit awkward, but there's been a few complaints from the kitchen, about Gerry.

Mary: Och, Eamonn, how are you? What brings you here?

Eamonn: Uh, it's me mother's wake.

Mary: (laughing) Oh, God, so it is.

(Eamonn looks confused. Sarah looks surprised.)

Eamonn: What's going on?

Mary: We we just came in to do a wee decade of the rosary and, sure, didn't Sarah forget her beads.

Sarah: What am I not?

Eamonn: (to Mary) What's in your hand?

Mary: Sorry?

Eamonn: What have you got in your hand?

Mary: Nothing.

Eamonn: Let me see.

(Mary shows her empty hand.)

Eamonn: Your other hand.

Mary: My other hand?

Eamonn: Yes.

(Mary opens her hand to reveal the earring.)

Mary: God! How did that get there?!

Eamonn: Jeepers! Were you stealing Mammy's earrings?!

Mary: Actually, I think you'll find they were our mother's earrings originally, so

Eamonn: What is wrong with you?

Sarah: Oh, we were doing her a favour, Eamonn. They're not flattering.

Eamonn: For God's sake, Mary. First the curse and now this?

Mary: You said there was no curse!

Eamonn: I didn't want to make you angry, Mary! I mean, I'm about to bury my mother, a hex is the last thing I need.

Mary: Aw, for Jesus sake!

(Liquid starts dripping through the ceiling.)

Sarah: (pointing) Eugh, what is that?

[Outside the bathroom. Eamonn, Mary and Sarah walk up to the door.]

Eamonn: (opening the door) Agh!

(The bathroom is flooded. The kids turn suddenly, startled.)

Mary: Dear God

Erin: It looks worse than it is.

Eamonn: My mother was right about you people! Wild animals would have more manners!

Orla: We didn't have a plunger, Eamonn.

Eamonn: (furious) Get out! Get out, now!

(Michelle closes the toilet and they turn slowly to leave.)

[In the Quinn kitchen, after the funeral. Erin, Orla, Gerry, Mary and Sarah sit.]

Granda Joe: (walking over with tea) Not a bad sendoff in the end, I thought.

Sarah: I'm still devastated about Mammy's earrings, Mary. We were so close.

Mary: Well, they're six foot under now, so unless we dig Bridie up again

Sarah: Maybe that's not such a bad

Mary: It is a bad idea, Sarah. It's a very bad idea. I just want to forget the whole thing.

(Erin looks sad.)

Sarah: How's your scoots now, Erin love?

Erin: Aye, they're clearing up, I think.

Sarah: God, it's my worst nightmare. Getting caught out in someone else's house like that.

Gerry: I still don't understand why you had to bring all of your friends in there with you.

Erin: I panicked, Daddy.

Mary: Can we please stop talking about Erin's scoots? We're about to have our tea.

Granda Joe: Oh, I meant to say, I had one of these scones at the wake, and, honest to God, I've never tasted anything like it.

(Erin looks worried. Granda Joe sets a plate of scones on the table.)

Granda Joe: So, I bagged us up a couple.

Sarah: Lovely.

(Orla enthusiastically takes a scone.)

Orla: Happy days.

(Sarah takes a scone.)

Gerry: Don't mind if I do.

(Gerry takes a scone.)

Mary: (holding out her plate) Pass us one, there, would you Erin?

(Erin looks distraught as she stares at the plate.)