[In Erin's bedroom. Orla is reading Erin's diary.]

Erin: Is that my diary?

[In the Quinn kitchen. Erin is ranting to Mary while Orla casually licks her spoon.]

Erin: She's gone too far this time, Mammy. I mean, what next? Will I catch her trying on my knickers?

Mary: Don't say knickers in front of your father. He can't cope.

Erin: Aye, he can't cope.

Orla: Sure, what's a pair of knickers between cousins?

Mary: Less of the knickers.

Erin: I won't put up with it anymore. Teenagers have rights now, you know?

Mary: Don't be ridiculous.

Erin: They do, Ma. It's true. Sure, Macaulay Culkin might be divorcing his parents.

Mary: (to Jerry) Do you hear this? This'll be someone she met at that stupid summer scheme you insisted we send her on. A bloody 'Friends Across the Barricades' thing. I have nothing against Protestants. I'm all for integration, I am. But if they're letting their wains divorce them

Erin: Macaulay Culkin isn't a Protestant, Ma.

Mary: It's only gonna give our wains ideas.

Erin: Well, he might be. But I didn't meet him at 'Friends Across the Barricades'.

Mary: I don't care where you met him. You're not to see him again. Understood?

Erin: Fine. (storms off)

Granda Joe: (watching TV) Look at this. They're bombing the bridge, apparently.

Mary: (looks worried) No.

(Everyone runs to the TV)

Mary: Oh dear God, no. Does this mean they can't get to school? I've had a whole summer of it, Gerry. She's melting my head.

Gerry: Sure their bus can go the long way round.

(knock on the front door)

Mary: I'll get it. (opens door) Alright Sarah?

Granda Joe: (To Gerry) Them wains shouldn't have to take the bus to school. You should be driving them, you useless shit.

Gerry: I have to work, Joe.

Granda Joe: Work? (chuckles) Is that what you call it?

Gerry: Yes.

Granda Joe: Why don't you just leave my Mary alone?

Gerry: Because we've been married for seventeen years, Joe. We have two children. And because, we're in love with each other.
Erin: (looks disgusted while eating toast) Aw, boke.

Granda Joe: I'll find some dirt on you yet, boy. I've got people working on it.

Orla: (in shock while eating a bowl of cereal) God, Mammy. You're up early.

Sarah: So are you. You should be having a lie in, love. You're on your holidays. (takes bowl of cereal out of Orla's hands)

Mary: First day of term, Sarah.

Sarah: Is it, aye?

Mary: It is, aye.

(Erin takes large bite of toast while everyone starts watching the TV again.)
 
Sarah: (eating cereal) Well, I don't know about the rest of you, but I'm not enjoying this bomb.

Granda Joe: Shocking.

Mary: Desperate.

Sarah: Disgusting and disgraceful. I have an appointment at Tropicana at twelve. Fifteen minutes in this stand up. But sure I'll not get over the bridge at this rate. It's going to play havoc with my build-up. This is what they want. They want ordinary people to suffer. This is what it's all about.

Erin: I'm pretty sure interfering with your sunbed sessions isn't very high up on anyone's political agenda, Aunt Sarah.

Sarah: I wouldn't be so sure.

Erin: (gets up and puts on a denim jacket) We better head.

Mary: (looks shocked) Hey. What do you think you're playing at? Where's your blazer?

Erin: I've decided to put my own spin on the uniform this year.

Mary: I'll spin you across that floor. Get your blazer on.

Erin: Look, Mammy, I'm not a clone. I should be allowed to express my individuality. I'm sorry, I'm not wearing my blazer, end of story.

Mary: Gerry, pass me the wooden spoon.

(Erin looks appalled.)

[On the street. Clare is wearing a denim jacket, waiting for her friends. Erin and Orla approach wearing blazers.]

Clare: What's all this? I thought we were going to be individuals this year.

Erin: Look, I wanted to Clare, but my Ma wouldn't let me.

Clare: Well, I'm not being an individual on my own. (takes off jacket)

[In Sister Michael's office.]

(Knock on door.)

Sister Michael: Enter.

(The parents walk in.)

Mary: Erin, what in God's name?

Gerry: Did you kill that wee nun, girls?

Erin: Of course we didn't.

Sarah: Then why were you pissing on her dead body and making sandwiches?

Granda Joe: Say nothing, girls. Say nothing til we've seen a lawyer.

Sister Michael: If you could all just take a seat.

(They sit down. Deidre storms in.)

Deidre: Sorry I'm late, Sister. Couldn't get over the bridge. This bloody bomb. I begged the Brits to let me take my chances, but the awkward bastards made me go the long way.

Granda Joe: Health and safety gone mad, Deidre.

Deidre: What are you playing at, rifling through a dead nun's handbag?

Michelle: She stole my lipstick, Mammy.

Deidre: Don't lie. Sister Declan was a woman of God.

Sister Michael: Actually, she was known to be a bit light fingered.

James: Where's my mum, Auntie Deidre?

Deidre: She's away back to London.

James: What, without me? (tears in his eyes)

Deidre: Oh, dry your eyes, James.

(Clare's dad walks in.)

Clare's dad: Sorry to keep you waiting, Sister. How long does it take to defuse a fecking bomb? Sure the wee robots do all the work. Oh killing nuns now, is it?

Clare: (frantically) I didn't, Daddy!

Clare's dad: You wait until your mother hears about this.

Sister Michael: Obviously, Sister Declan's death was extremely shocking and unexpected. We're still struggling to understand exactly what happened.

(Erin raises her hand.)

Sister Michael: Yeah?

Erin: Can I just ask, what age was Sister Declan?

Sister Michael: She'd have been ninety-eight on Friday.

Erin: Right. Might that shed some light on the situation?

Sister Michael: How so?

Erin: Does anybody else have any thoughts on the whole her being almost ninety-eight years of age thing?

Granda Joe: (sadly) Struck down in her prime.

(Erin looks confused.)

Sister Michael: The hospital are saying it was heart failure, but I have my doubts. As I said on the phone, the circumstances in which I found her body were strange, to say the least. So I've decided to carry out a full investigation into the incident.

Mary: (nodding) That makes sense.

(Sister Michael nods.)

Erin: What? Nothing about this makes sense? The woman was almost ninety-eight years of age. She had a heart attack. Why is everybody going absolutely mental?

Gerry: Less of the cheek, Erin.

(Clare looks distraught.)

Erin: We didn't do anything. It's not fair!

Orla: (Reading Erin's diary) But the thing is, life isn't fair. You see injustice is something I have become accustomed to. I am, after all, a child of the crossfire, surrounded by conflict. But I choose to rise above it. The path to peace is paved with tolerance and understanding. Violence is never the answer.

(Erin looks furious.)

Erin: I am going to ram that so far up your arse!